abaca . fiber
abacas . fiber
aback . surprised
abaddon . pit
abalienate . communicate
abalienated . communicate
abalienating . communicate
abalone . ear
abalones . ear
abandon . freedom
abandoned . dropped
abandoner . snake
abandoners . snake
abandoning . desert
abandons . freedom
abase . lower
abased . lower
abases . lower
abashed . confused
abashment . confusion
abashments . confusion
abasing . lower
abate . decrease
abated . decrease
abatement . decline
abatements . decline
abates . decrease
abating . decrease
abba . administrator
abbas . administrator
abbe . minister
abbey . ministry
abbeys . ministry
abbes . minister
abbess . sister
abbesses . sister
abbreviate . abstract
abbreviated . abstract
abbreviates . abstract
abbreviating . abstract
abbreviation . abstract
abbreviations . abstract
abdicate . drop
abdicated . drop
abdicates . drop
abdicating . drop
abdication . disclaimer
abdications . disclaimer
abdomen . belly
abdomens . belly
abdominal . belly
abduct . grab
abducted . stolen
abducting . grab
abduction . theft
abductions . theft
abducts . grab
abecedary . assistant
abecedarian . amateur
abecedarians . amateur
abecedaries . assistant
abed . lying
abeyance . suspension
abeyances . suspension
aberrant . deviant
aberrate . cruise
aberrated . cruise
aberrating . cruise
abet . advocate
abetment . aid
abetments . aid
abets . advocate
abetted . advocate
abetting . advocate
abettor . accessory
abettors . accessory
abhor . hate
abhorred . hate
abhorrence . hate
abhorrences . hate
abhorring . hate
abhors . hate
abide . accept
abided . accept
abider . support
abiders . support
abides . accept
abiding . continuing
abidingness . attachment
abysm . depth
abysms . depth
abyss . depth
abysses . depth
abjection . bankruptcy
abjections . bankruptcy
abjectness . trouble
abjuration . withdrawal
abjurations . withdrawal
ablation . cutting
ablations . cutting
ablegate . see
ablegates . see
ableness . ability
abler . adequate
ablest . adequate
ablution . bath
ablutions . bath
abnegate . decline
abnegated . decline
abnegates . decline
abnegating . decline
abnormal . bizarre
abnormality . exception
abnormalities . exception
abode . address
abodes . address
abolish . cancel
abolished . cancel
abolishes . cancel
abolishing . cancel
abolishment . cancellation
abolishments . cancellation
abolition . cancellation
abolitionism . democracy
abolitionist . advocate
abolitionists . advocate
abominable . terrible
abominate . hate
abominated . hate
abominates . hate
abominating . hate
abomination . evil
abominations . evil
aboriginals . citizen
aborigine . aboriginal
aborigines . aboriginal
abort . arrest
aborted . arrest
aborticide . termination
aborting . arrest
abortions . termination
abortive . failed
aborts . arrest
abound . crowd
abounded . crowd
abounding . filled
abounds . crowd
abovementioned . previous
aboves . clone
abracadabra . spell
abrade . wear
abraded . wear
abrades . wear
abrading . wear
abrasion . injury
abrasions . injury
abrasive . nasty
abrasives . soap
abreaction . release
abreactions . release
abridge . abstract
abridged . abstract
abridgement . abstract
abridgements . abstract
abridges . abstract
abridging . abstract
abridgment . decrease
abridgments . decrease
abrogate . cancel
abrogated . cancel
abrogates . cancel
abrogating . cancel
abrogation . ending
abrogations . ending
abrupt . quick
abruptly . suddenly
abruptness . hill
abscessed . sharp
abscind . break
abscission . cutting
abscissions . cutting
abscond . break
absconding . break
absconds . break
absences . cut
absented . escape
absentee . remote
absenteeism . absence
absenting . escape
absents . escape
absinthian . acid
absoluteness . stability
absolutes . cap
absolution . release
absolutions . release
absolutist . full
absolve . exempt
absolved . exempt
absolves . exempt
absolving . exempt
absonant . loud
absorbed . engaged
absorbent . dry
absorber . buffer
absorbers . buffer
absorbing . interesting
absorption . consumption
absorptions . consumption
abstain . quit
abstained . quit
abstainer . dry
abstainers . dry
abstaining . quit
abstains . quit
absterge . brush
absterged . brush
abstergent . soap
absterges . brush
absterging . brush
abstersion . cleaning
abstracting . complex
abstraction . consideration
abstractions . consideration
abstruseness . problem
abstrusenesses . problem
absurd . crazy
absurdity . bull
absurdities . bull
abundance . plenty
abundances . plenty
abundant . heavy
abusage . corruption
abused . harm
abuses . corruption
abusing . harm
abusive . offensive
abusiveness . abuse
abut . join
abutment . support
abutments . support
abuts . join
abuttal . barrier
abuttals . barrier
abutted . join
abutting . join
academe . college
academes . college
academia . college
academias . college
academician . academic
academicians . academic
academics . professor
academies . institute
academism . procedure
acarid . bug
acarids . bug
accede . accept
acceded . accept
accedence . admission
accedes . accept
acceding . accept
accelerate . advance
accelerated . increased
accelerates . advance
accelerating . advance
accent . significance
accented . highlight
accenting . significance
accents . significance
accentuate . highlight
accentuated . highlight
accentuates . highlight
accentuating . highlight
accentuation . attention
acceptability . character
acceptably . properly
acceptances . admission
acceptation . intent
acceptor . convert
acceptors . convert
accepts . get
accesses . approach
accession . enlargement
accessions . enlargement
accidence . syntax
accidental . random
accidentality . fortune
accidentalness . fortune
acclaim . praise
acclaiming . praise
acclaims . praise
acclamation . cheers
acclamations . cheers
acclimate . accommodate
acclimated . accommodate
acclimates . accommodate
acclimating . accommodate
acclimation . adjustment
acclimatization . adjustment
acclimatize . accommodate
acclimatized . accommodate
acclimatizes . accommodate
acclimatizing . accommodate
acclivity . hill
acclivities . hill
acclivous . climbing
accolade . approval
accolades . approval
accommodated . contain
accommodates . contain
accommodating . friendly
accommodativeness . compliance
accompany . attend
accompanies . attend
accompaniment . accessory
accompaniments . accessory
accompanist . artist
accompanists . artist
accomplice . associate
accomplices . associate
accomplish . achieve
accomplishes . achieve
accomplishing . achieve
accomplishment . ability
accomplishments . ability
accord . deal
accordances . consensus
accorded . give
accords . deal
accost . address
accosted . address
accosting . address
accosts . address
accouchement . delivery
accouchements . delivery
accoucheuse . assistant
accoucheuses . assistant
accountable . liable
accountableness . accountability
accountant . analyst
accountants . analyst
accounted . alleged
accouter . array
accoutered . array
accoutering . array
accouterment . accessory
accouterments . accessory
accouters . array
accoutre . array
accoutred . array
accoutrement . fitting
accoutrements . fitting
accoutres . array
accoutring . array
accredit . assign
accreditation . certificate
accreditations . certificate
accrediting . assign
accredits . assign
accretion . increase
accretions . increase
accroach . appropriate
accroached . appropriate
accroaching . appropriate
accrual . increase
accruals . increase
accrue . collect
accrued . collect
accruement . compensation
accrues . collect
accruing . collect
accumulate . acquire
accumulated . acquire
accumulates . acquire
accumulating . acquire
accumulation . growth
accumulations . growth
accumulator . authority
accumulators . authority
accuracies . efficiency
accurately . exactly
accusable . liable
accusation . complaint
accusations . complaint
accuse . arrest
accuser . rat
accusers . rat
accuses . arrest
accusing . arrest
accustom . season
accustomed . confirmed
accustomedness . agreement
accustoming . season
accustoms . season
acedia . depression
acedias . depression
acerbic . sharp
acetose . acid
ache . hurt
ached . hurt
achene . kernel
achenes . kernel
acheronian . lonely
aches . hurt
achievability . action
achievements . creation
achieves . complete
aching . raw
achromatic . neutral
achromic . silver
achromous . neutral
acidify . turn
acidified . turn
acidifies . turn
acidifying . turn
acidosis . flu
acidulate . turn
acidulated . acid
acidulates . turn
acidulating . anger
aciurgy . section
acknowledge . accept
acknowledged . accepted
acknowledges . accept
acknowledging . accept
acknowledgment . acceptance
acknowledgments . acceptance
acme . height
acmes . height
acolyte . aid
acolytes . aid
acoustics . echo
acquaint . advise
acquaintance . associate
acquaintances . associate
acquaintanceship . cooperation
acquaintanceships . cooperation
acquainted . informed
acquainting . advise
acquaints . advise
acquiesce . comply
acquiesced . comply
acquiescence . acceptance
acquiesces . comply
acquiescing . comply
acquirement . achievement
acquirements . achievement
acquires . achieve
acquiring . achieve
acquisitions . addition
acquit . clear
acquits . clear
acquittal . clearance
acquittals . clearance
acquittance . celebration
acquitted . clear
acquitting . clear
acre . estate
acreage . holding
acreages . holding
acrylic . color
acrylics . color
acroamatic . deep
acrobats . artist
acronym . composition
acronyms . composition
acropolis . camp
acropolises . camp
acrostic . composition
acrostics . composition
acta . notes
acted . begin
actify . trigger
actings . alternate
actinic . synthetic
activate . trigger
activates . trigger
activating . trigger
activations . activation
activeness . action
activism . advocacy
activisms . advocacy
activize . arm
activized . arm
activizing . arm
actuality . achievement
actualities . achievement
actualize . engineer
actualized . engineer
actualizes . engineer
actualizing . engineer
actuate . cause
actuated . cause
actuates . cause
actuating . cause
actuation . desire
acuate . acute
acuity . judgment
acuities . judgment
aculeate . sharp
acumen . awareness
acumens . awareness
acuminate . fine
acuminated . fine
acuminating . fine
acuminous . sharp
adage . saw
adages . saw
adamant . determined
adamantly . strictly
adapt . accommodate
adaptability . flexibility
adaptable . compliant
adaptation . transformation
adaptations . transformation
adapted . becoming
adapting . accommodate
adaption . accommodation
adaptions . accommodation
adaptive . flexible
adapts . accommodate
adc . assistant
addenda . appendix
addendum . appendix
addendums . appendix
adder . asp
adders . asp
addict . activity
addicted . attached
addictedness . confidence
addicting . chronic
addictions . bag
addicts . activity
additive . supplement
additives . supplement
additory . aggregate
addle . puzzle
addlebrain . fool
addled . gone
addlepate . fool
addles . puzzle
addling . puzzle
addressee . citizen
addressees . citizen
addrest . home
adduce . cite
adduced . cite
adduces . cite
adducing . cite
adenoid . bill
adenoids . bill
adept . accomplished
adeptness . command
adepts . artist
adequacy . capacity
adequacies . capacity
adequateness . completion
adequation . balance
adhere . comply
adhered . held
adherence . attachment
adherences . attachment
adherent . advocate
adherents . advocate
adheres . comply
adhering . comply
adhesion . attachment
adhesions . attachment
adhesive . holding
adhesiveness . fusion
adhesives . binding
adiposity . burden
adiposities . burden
adit . admission
adyta . haven
adits . admission
adytum . haven
adjacency . area
adjacencies . area
adjective . accessory
adjectives . accessory
adjoin . approximate
adjoined . approximate
adjoining . adjacent
adjoins . approximate
adjourn . delay
adjourned . delay
adjourning . delay
adjournment . break
adjournments . break
adjourns . delay
adjudge . award
adjudged . award
adjudges . award
adjudging . award
adjudicate . decide
adjudicated . decide
adjudicates . decide
adjudicating . decide
adjudication . conclusion
adjudications . conclusion
adjudicator . moderator
adjudicators . moderator
adjudicature . agreement
adjunct . accessory
adjunctive . accessory
adjuncts . accessory
adjuration . testimony
adjurations . testimony
adjure . charge
adjured . charge
adjures . charge
adjuring . charge
adjustability . flexibility
adjuster . dial
adjusters . dial
adjusting . accommodate
adjustments . arrangement
adjusts . accommodate
adjuvant . accessory
adjuvants . incentive
admeasure . distribute
admeasured . distribute
admeasuring . distribute
admensuration . part
administer . conduct
administering . conduct
administerings . agency
administers . conduct
administrate . distribute
administrated . distribute
administrates . distribute
administrating . distribute
administrations . agency
admirable . attractive
admirably . correctly
admiration . appreciation
admirations . appreciation
admire . appreciate
admired . appreciate
admirer . fan
admirers . fan
admires . appreciate
admiring . appreciate
admissibility . compatibility
admissible . allowed
admits . accept
admittance . access
admittances . access
admittedly . absolutely
admitting . accept
admix . blend
admixed . blend
admixes . blend
admixing . blend
admixt . blend
admixture . blend
admixtures . blend
admonish . advise
admonished . advise
admonishes . advise
admonishing . warning
admonition . advice
admonitions . advice
admonitor . coach
adnoun . accessory
adnouns . accessory
ado . confusion
adobes . brick
adolescence . teens
adolescent . teen
adolescents . juvenile
adonis . vision
adonises . vision
adopting . accept
adoptions . acceptance
adopts . accept
adorable . cute
adorableness . attraction
adoration . attachment
adore . worship
adored . worship
adores . worship
adoring . worship
adorn . deck
adorned . enhanced
adorning . deck
adorns . deck
adroitness . ability
adscription . assignment
adulate . praise
adulated . praise
adulates . praise
adulating . praise
adulation . worship
adulterate . blend
adulterated . mixed
adulterates . blend
adulterating . blend
adulterer . lover
adulterers . lover
adultery . relationship
adulteries . relationship
adumbral . cloudy
adumbrate . cloud
adumbrated . cloud
adumbrates . cloud
adumbrating . cloud
adumbration . explanation
adumbrations . explanation
adumbrative . classic
adust . brown
advancement . advance
advancements . advance
advancing . achieve
advantaged . powerful
advantageous . beneficial
advantageousness . service
advantaging . account
advent . arrival
advents . arrival
adventured . attempted
adventurer . entrepreneur
adventurers . entrepreneur
adventuring . adventure
adventurous . bold
adversary . enemy
adversaries . enemy
adversity . difficulty
adversities . difficulty
advert . attend
adverted . attend
advertence . mention
advertent . intelligent
adverting . attend
advertised . displayed
advertises . announce
adverts . attend
advices . aid
advisement . calculation
advisements . calculation
adviser . coach
advises . charge
advising . charge
advisories . bulletin
advocacies . assistance
advocated . back
advocates . lawyer
advocating . back
adze . blade
aegis . sponsorship
aegises . sponsorship
aeon . age
aeonian . constant
aeons . age
aerate . charge
aerated . charge
aerates . charge
aerating . charge
aerial . flying
aerialist . captain
aerialists . captain
aerify . clean
aerified . clean
aerifies . clean
aerifying . clean
aerobatics . bars
aerodynamic . smooth
aerodynamics . navigation
aeronaut . captain
aeronautical . flying
aeronautics . aviation
aeronauts . captain
aerosol . moisture
aerosols . moisture
aesculapian . therapeutic
aesthetic . artistic
aestheticism . appreciation
affable . gentle
affair . case
affectation . air
affectations . air
affectedness . air
affectibility . awareness
affectingly . seriously
affection . care
affectionate . caring
affections . care
afferent . sonic
affiance . agreement
affianced . intended
affiances . agreement
affiancing . engagement
affiche . banner
affiches . banner
affidavit . testimony
affidavits . testimony
affiliating . branch
affiliation . connection
affiliations . connection
affinity . attraction
affinities . attraction
affirm . confirm
affirmation . confirmation
affirmations . confirmation
affirmative . positive
affirmatives . bow
affirmatory . positive
affirmed . confirm
affirming . confirm
affirms . confirm
affix . paste
affixed . paste
affixes . paste
affixing . paste
afflatus . incentive
afflatuses . incentive
afflict . burden
afflicted . suffering
afflicting . burden
affliction . disease
afflictions . disease
afflicts . burden
affluence . fortune
affluent . rich
afforded . allow
affording . allow
affords . allow
affray . assault
affrays . assault
affranchise . deliver
affranchised . deliver
affranchising . deliver
affright . alarm
affrighted . alarm
affrighting . alarm
affrights . alarm
affront . slight
affronted . abuse
affronting . abuse
affronts . slight
afghan . covering
afghans . covering
aflutter . afraid
afore . ahead
aforementioned . previous
aforethought . calculated
aforetime . ahead
aftereffect . conclusion
afterglow . polish
afterglows . polish
afterimage . appearance
afterimages . appearance
afterlife . heaven
afterlight . amendment
afterlives . heaven
aftermath . impact
aftermaths . impact
aftermost . closing
afterpart . back
afterpiece . conclusion
aftershock . shock
aftershocks . shock
aftertaste . bang
aftertastes . bang
afterthought . review
afterthoughts . review
aftertime . fate
aftertimes . fate
afterward . eventually
afterwards . eventually
afterwhile . later
afterworld . paradise
agape . open
agate . font
agates . font
ageing . develop
agendas . calendar
agendum . calendar
agendums . agenda
aggie . rural
agglomerate . aggregate
agglomerated . collect
agglomerates . aggregate
agglomerating . collect
agglomeration . cluster
agglomerations . cluster
agglutinate . tie
agglutinated . tie
agglutinates . tie
agglutinating . tie
agglutination . agreement
agglutinations . agreement
agglutinin . vaccine
agglutinins . vaccine
agglutinogen . vaccine
agglutinoid . vaccine
aggrandize . boost
aggrandized . boost
aggrandizement . tribute
aggrandizements . tribute
aggrandizes . boost
aggrandizing . boost
aggravate . bug
aggravated . bug
aggravates . bug
aggravating . bug
aggravation . difficulty
aggravations . difficulty
aggregated . amount
aggregates . amount
aggregating . amount
aggregation . aggregate
aggregations . aggregate
aggress . assault
aggressed . assault
aggresses . assault
aggressing . assault
aggression . assault
aggressions . assault
aggressiveness . fight
aggrieve . abuse
aggrieved . disturbed
aggrieves . abuse
aggrieving . abuse
agile . athletic
agilely . easily
agility . activity
agilities . activity
agin . contrary
agings . developing
agitable . excited
agitate . beat
agitated . excited
agitates . beat
agitating . beat
agitator . radical
agitators . radical
agitprop . advertising
agitprops . advertising
aglow . bright
agname . brand
agnate . like
agnates . father
agnomen . alias
agnomina . alias
agnosticism . disorder
agony . passion
agonies . passion
agonize . hurt
agonized . hurt
agonizes . hurt
agonizing . intense
agora . arcade
agorae . arcade
agoras . arcade
agorot . arcade
agoroth . arcade
agrarian . agricultural
agreeable . acceptable
agreeingly . commonly
agrestal . pure
agrestic . rural
agriculturalist . producer
agriculturalists . producer
agricultures . culture
agrology . farming
agrologies . farming
agronomy . farming
agronomic . agricultural
agronomical . rural
agronomics . farming
agronomies . farming
ague . fever
agues . fever
aha . awareness
ahem . er
ahems . er
ahoy . calling
ahs . er
aide . assistant
aided . assist
aider . aid
aiding . assist
aigrette . ridge
aigrettes . ridge
aiguille . hill
aiguilles . hill
aikido . wrestling
ail . pain
ailed . pain
ailing . ill
ailment . condition
ailments . condition
ails . pain
aiming . address
aimless . random
airborne . floating
airbrushing . covering
airbus . plane
airbuses . plane
airdrome . installation
airdromes . installation
airdrop . fly
airdropped . fly
airdropping . fly
airdrops . fly
aired . opened
airedale . pointer
airedales . pointer
airflow . air
airflows . air
airhead . fool
airheads . fool
airily . easily
airing . open
airings . journey
airliner . jet
airliners . jet
airplane . aircraft
airplanes . aircraft
airs . front
airship . craft
airships . craft
aisle . avenue
aisles . avenue
ait . isle
aits . isle
akin . comparable
ala . er
alabaster . fair
alabastrine . fair
alacrity . speed
alacrities . speed
alacritous . immediate
alameda . boulevard
alamedas . boulevard
alarmable . excited
alarming . dangerous
alarmingly . seriously
alarms . anxiety
alarum . alert
alarums . alert
alas . dear
alate . fast
alb . clothing
albatross . load
albatrosses . load
albinos . fair
albs . clothing
alcazar . hall
alcazars . hall
alchemy . magic
alchemical . synthetic
alchemies . magic
alchemist . medium
alchemistic . curious
alchemists . medium
alcoholism . addiction
alcohols . drink
alcove . bay
alcoves . bay
ale . beer
aleatory . random
alehouse . pub
alehouses . pub
alembic . bag
alembics . bag
alerted . alarm
alerting . active
alertly . reasonably
ales . beer
alfresco . foreign
algebra . calculation
algebraic . analytical
algebras . calculation
algidity . snow
algidities . snow
algific . cold
algor . snow
algorithmic . analytical
algors . snow
aliases . handle
alibi . account
alibied . advocate
alibiing . advocate
alibis . account
alienate . separate
alienates . separate
alienating . separate
alienation . separation
aliened . communicate
aliening . communicate
aliens . visitor
alight . light
alighted . light
alighting . light
alights . light
align . adjust
aligned . adjust
aligning . adjust
alignments . adjustment
aligns . adjust
alike . identical
alikeness . agreement
aliment . nutrition
alimentation . bread
aliments . nutrition
alimony . keep
alimonies . keep
alit . light
aliveness . appreciation
alives . abuse
alkali . salt
alkalies . salt
alkalis . salt
alky . drink
alkies . drink
allay . calm
allayed . calm
allaying . calm
allayment . assistance
allays . calm
allegate . advocate
allegation . charge
allegations . charge
allege . charge
alleges . charge
allegiance . obligation
allegiances . obligation
alleging . charge
allegory . moral
allegories . moral
allegorist . writer
allegorists . writer
allegorize . relate
allegorized . relate
allegorizing . relate
alley . lane
alleys . lane
alleluia . carol
alleluias . carol
allergy . sensitivity
allergies . sensitivity
alleviate . ease
alleviated . ease
alleviates . ease
alleviating . ease
alleviation . comfort
alleviations . comfort
alleviative . therapeutic
ally . associate
alliances . bond
allies . associate
allying . comparable
allineate . follow
alliteration . repeat
alliterations . repeat
allness . aggregate
allocate . appropriate
allocates . appropriate
allocating . appropriate
allocations . share
allocution . address
alloy . blend
alloyed . loaded
alloying . blend
alloys . blend
allot . appropriate
allotment . allocation
allotments . allocation
allotrope . ice
allotropes . ice
allots . appropriate
allotted . appropriate
allotting . appropriate
allover . everywhere
allovers . anger
allowable . acceptable
allowance . aid
allowances . aid
allround . excellent
allude . point
alluded . point
alludes . point
alluding . point
allure . attraction
allured . attraction
allurement . invitation
allurements . invitation
allures . attraction
alluring . winning
allusion . charge
allusions . charge
alluvia . fluid
alluvial . human
alluvium . fluid
alluviums . fluid
almanac . calendar
almanacs . calendar
almighty . absolute
alms . aid
almsgiver . angel
almsgiving . charity
aloha . hello
alohas . hello
aloneness . isolation
aloofness . distance
alp . mount
alphabet . characters
alphabetize . index
alphabetized . index
alphabetizes . index
alphabetizing . index
alphabets . characters
alphas . first
alpines . cedar
alpinism . hiking
alpinisms . hiking
alps . mount
altar . font
altars . font
alteration . adjustment
alterations . adjustment
altercate . disagree
altercated . disagree
altercating . disagree
altercation . argument
altercations . argument
altered . modified
altering . adjust
alterity . difference
alternated . alter
alternately . rather
alternates . backup
alternating . alter
alternation . rotation
alternations . rotation
alters . adjust
altiloquence . cotton
altitude . distance
altitudes . distance
altitudinous . big
alto . bass
altogether . generally
altruism . charity
altruisms . charity
altruist . donor
altruists . donor
aluminums . bottle
alveoli . dear
alveolus . dear
amalgamate . combine
amalgamated . combine
amalgamates . combine
amalgamating . combine
amalgamation . blend
amalgamations . blend
amanuenses . agent
amanuensis . agent
amaroidal . acid
amass . collect
amassed . collect
amasses . collect
amassing . collect
amati . kit
amaurotic . dark
amaze . affect
amazed . affect
amazement . confusion
amazes . affect
amazingly . rarely
amazons . dragon
ambary . fiber
ambaries . fiber
ambassador . agent
ambassadors . agent
ambers . brown
ambiance . atmosphere
ambiances . atmosphere
ambidextrousness . craft
ambience . atmosphere
ambiences . atmosphere
ambient . moving
ambients . climate
ambiguity . doubt
ambiguities . doubt
ambit . boundary
ambition . desire
ambitions . desire
ambitious . aggressive
ambitiousness . aim
ambits . boundary
ambivalence . doubt
ambivalent . mixed
ambler . walker
amblers . walker
ambo . platform
ambos . platform
ambry . cache
ambries . cache
ambulance . rescue
ambulances . rescue
ambulant . floating
ambulate . foot
ambulated . foot
ambulates . foot
ambulating . foot
ambulation . act
ambuscade . attack
ambuscaded . attack
ambuscades . attack
ambuscading . attack
ambush . shelter
ambushed . assault
ambushes . shelter
ambushing . shelter
ambushment . shelter
ameba . cell
amebae . cell
amebas . cell
ameliorate . amend
ameliorated . amend
ameliorates . amend
ameliorating . amend
amelioration . advance
ameliorations . advance
ameliorative . beneficial
amenability . compliance
amenableness . compliance
amendable . convenient
amending . alter
amends . restoration
amenity . comfort
amerce . fine
amerced . fine
amercement . damages
amercements . damages
amerces . fine
amercing . fine
amethyst . color
amethysts . color
amiable . friendly
amiably . perfectly
amicability . agreement
amicabilities . agreement
amicable . civil
amicableness . harmony
amical . pleasant
amice . clothing
amices . clothing
amiga . associate
amigas . associate
amigo . associate
amigos . associate
amir . governor
amirs . governor
amity . harmony
amities . harmony
ammo . advice
ammonia . spirits
ammonias . spirits
ammos . advice
ammunition . bomb
amnesic . blind
amnestied . discharge
amnestying . discharge
amoeba . n
amoebae . n
amoebas . n
amoebic . biological
amok . nuts
amores . friendship
amorist . lover
amorists . lover
amorous . romantic
amorousness . fancy
amortization . amount
amounted . aggregate
amounting . bulk
amour . love
amours . love
amphetamine . crystal
amphetamines . crystal
amphibian . frog
amphibians . frog
amphibious . floating
amphibology . con
amphibologies . con
amphigory . bull
amphigories . bull
amphitheater . oval
amphitheaters . oval
amphitheatre . field
ample . broad
ampleness . plenty
ampler . broad
amplest . broad
amply . properly
amplify . strengthen
amplification . addition
amplifications . addition
amplified . strengthen
amplifier . amp
amplifiers . amp
amplifies . strengthen
amplifying . strengthen
amplitude . extent
amplitudes . extent
ampoule . bottle
ampoules . bottle
ampul . bottle
ampulla . bag
ampullae . bag
ampuls . bottle
amputate . eliminate
amputated . eliminate
amputates . eliminate
amputating . eliminate
amrita . honey
amritas . honey
amulet . fetish
amulets . fetish
amuse . charm
amusement . pleasure
amusements . pleasure
amuses . charm
amusing . fun
ana . classics
anabases . advance
anabasis . advance
anabolism . consumption
anachronize . pace
anadem . circle
anadems . circle
anagram . game
anagrams . game
analects . classics
analeptic . beneficial
analgesia . trance
analgize . dose
analyses . inquiry
analytic . analytical
analytics . data
analyzed . consider
analyzer . analyst
analyzers . analyst
analyzing . consider
analogy . comparison
analogies . comparison
analogize . analyze
analogized . analyze
analogizing . analyze
analogous . comparable
analogousness . image
analogs . bride
analogue . analog
analogues . analog
anamneses . consciousness
anamnesis . consciousness
anamorphic . colored
anamorphoses . twist
anamorphosis . twist
anarch . radical
anarchy . chaos
anarchies . chaos
anarchism . protest
anarchist . terrorist
anarchistic . violent
anarchists . terrorist
anarchs . radical
anas . classics
anathema . enemy
anathemas . enemy
anatomic . architectural
anatomical . biological
anatomies . analysis
anatomization . anatomy
anatomize . evaluate
anatomized . evaluate
anatomizes . evaluate
anatomizing . evaluate
ancestor . founder
ancestors . founder
ancestral . tribal
ancestry . genealogy
ancestries . genealogy
anchorage . harbor
anchorages . harbor
anchored . attach
anchoring . attach
anchorite . priest
anchorites . priest
anchors . comfort
ancientness . age
ancients . citizen
ancilla . hand
ancillary . additional
ancillaries . moon
ancillas . hand
ancon . joint
ancones . joint
andes . sierra
andiron . dog
andirons . dog
anecdote . episode
anecdotes . episode
anecdotic . detailed
anemone . tumor
anemones . tumor
anesthetic . gas
anew . recently
angelic . lovely
angering . burn
angers . passion
angled . cast
angles . corner
angling . cast
anglings . fishing
angst . blues
anguish . suffering
anguished . sad
anguishes . suffering
anguishing . suffering
anhedonia . worry
anhydrate . dry
anhydrated . dry
anhydrating . dry
anybodies . anyone
anyhow . anyway
anile . ill
anility . age
anilities . age
anima . soul
animadversion . criticism
animadversions . criticism
animadvert . note
animadverted . note
animadverting . note
animadverts . note
animalcula . n
animalcule . n
animalcules . n
animalculum . n
animalistic . exciting
animas . soul
animate . live
animatedly . carefully
animateness . body
animates . live
animations . action
animative . exciting
animosity . hate
animosities . hate
animus . mind
animuses . mind
anyplace . anywhere
anythings . all
anywise . anyway
ankle . bone
anklebone . bone
anklebones . bone
ankles . bone
anklet . bracelet
anklets . bracelet
anlace . bomb
anlaces . bomb
annal . account
annalist . recorder
annalists . recorder
annals . journal
annexation . addition
annexations . addition
annexed . appropriate
annexes . appendix
annexing . appendix
annihilate . murder
annihilated . murder
annihilates . murder
annihilating . murder
annihilation . destruction
annihilator . radiation
annihilators . radiation
anniversaries . ceremony
annoy . trouble
annoyance . anger
annoyances . anger
annoyer . tough
annoyers . tough
annoys . trouble
annotate . comment
annotated . comment
annotates . comment
annotating . comment
annotations . glossary
annotator . artist
annotators . artist
announcer . reporter
announcers . reporter
announcing . call
annuals . anniversary
annuary . report
annuity . amount
annuities . amount
annul . cancel
annulled . cancel
annulling . cancel
annulment . cancellation
annulments . cancellation
annuls . cancel
annunciate . advertise
annunciated . advertise
annunciates . advertise
annunciating . advertise
annunciation . advertisement
annunciations . advertisement
anodize . bronze
anodized . bronze
anodizes . bronze
anodizing . bronze
anomaly . departure
anomalies . departure
anorak . jacket
anoraks . jacket
anorexia . consumption
anorexias . consumption
anschauung . angle
anschluss . alliance
answerability . authority
answerable . liable
answering . argue
ant . bee
antacids . salt
antagonism . resistance
antagonisms . resistance
antagonist . enemy
antagonistically . individually
antagonists . enemy
antagonization . separation
antagonize . anger
antagonized . anger
antagonizer . tough
antagonizes . anger
antagonizing . anger
antarctic . frozen
ante . pay
antecede . guide
anteceded . guide
antecedence . importance
antecedency . importance
antecedent . former
antecedently . earlier
antecedes . guide
anteceding . guide
antecessor . original
antechamber . hall
antechambers . hall
antedate . pace
antedated . pace
antedates . pace
antedating . pace
antediluvian . ancient
anteed . chance
anteing . chance
antelope . cloth
antelopes . cloth
antennae . receiver
antennas . receiver
antepast . starter
antepasts . starter
anteposition . lead
anterior . former
anteriorly . ahead
anteriors . face
anteroom . entrance
anterooms . entrance
antes . pay
anthem . chorus
anthems . chorus
antheses . developing
anthesis . developing
anthill . bank
anthills . bank
anthology . album
anthologies . album
anthologize . arrange
anthologized . diverse
anthologizes . arrange
anthologizing . arrange
anthracite . ash
anthropoid . monkey
anthropoids . monkey
anthropology . sociology
anthropological . animal
anthropologies . sociology
antibacterial . clean
antibody . vaccine
antibodies . vaccine
antic . joke
anticipate . assume
anticipates . assume
anticipating . assume
anticipation . hope
anticipations . hope
anticipatorily . actively
anticlimax . decline
anticlimaxes . decline
antics . joke
antidotal . therapeutic
antidote . cure
antidotes . cure
antihero . criminal
antiheroes . criminal
antilogy . contrary
antilogies . contrary
antinomy . action
antinomies . action
antipasti . starter
antipasto . starter
antipastos . starter
antipathy . escape
antipathies . escape
antiperspirant . cosmetic
antiperspirants . cosmetic
antiphon . feedback
antiphons . feedback
antipodal . contrary
antipode . contrary
antipodes . contrary
antipole . contrary
antipoles . contrary
antiquary . authority
antiquarian . aged
antiquarians . authority
antiquaries . authority
antiquated . ancient
antiqued . alter
antiqueness . age
antiquing . alter
antiquity . antique
antiquities . antique
antis . candidate
antisemitic . partial
antisepsis . washing
antiseptic . clean
antisepticize . clean
antisepticized . clean
antisepticizing . clean
antiseptics . clean
antiseptize . wash
antisera . vaccine
antiserum . vaccine
antiserums . vaccine
antitheses . contrary
antithesis . contrary
antithesize . separate
antithetic . contrary
antithetically . individually
antitoxin . medicine
antitoxins . medicine
antivenin . cure
antivenins . cure
antler . horn
antlers . horn
antonym . opposite
antonyms . opposite
antra . channel
antre . chamber
antres . chamber
antrorse . higher
antrum . channel
ants . bee
anuran . frog
anurans . frog
anxieties . concern
anxious . afraid
anxiousness . concern
apace . rapidly
apartheid . discrimination
ape . affect
aped . affect
aper . nuts
apercu . analysis
apercus . analysis
aperitif . alcohol
aperitifs . alcohol
aperture . break
apertures . break
apes . affect
apex . crown
apexes . crown
aphasiac . silent
aphasic . silent
aphid . bee
aphids . bee
aphorism . moral
aphorisms . moral
aphotic . black
aphrodisia . passion
apical . acute
apices . crown
apiece . aside
aplenty . plenty
aplomb . balance
aplombs . balance
apnea . blow
apneas . blow
apogee . peak
apogees . peak
apollo . vision
apollos . vision
apologetic . sorry
apologetics . defense
apology . admission
apologia . defense
apologias . defense
apologies . admission
apologize . square
apologized . square
apologizes . square
apologizing . square
apologue . story
apologues . story
apophthegm . theorem
apoplectic . frozen
apoplexy . stroke
apoplexies . stroke
apostacize . deny
apostate . rat
apostates . rat
apostatize . desert
apostatized . desert
apostatizes . desert
apostatizing . desert
apostle . advocate
apostles . advocate
apostrophize . address
apostrophized . address
apostrophizes . address
apostrophizing . address
apothegm . moral
apothegms . moral
apotheose . worship
apotheosize . worship
apotheosized . worship
apotheosizing . worship
appal . alarm
appall . alarm
appalling . terrible
appanage . right
appanages . right
apparatchik . red
apparatchiki . red
apparatchiks . red
apparatus . appliance
appareled . armed
apparelled . dress
apparelling . dress
apparels . dress
apparition . spirit
apparitions . spirit
appealed . address
appealing . present
appearances . arrival
appease . calm
appeased . calm
appeasement . accommodation
appeasements . accommodation
appeases . calm
appeasing . calm
appellation . handle
appellations . handle
appellative . handle
append . annex
appendage . addition
appendages . addition
appended . annex
appendices . addition
appending . annex
appendixes . addition
appends . annex
apperceive . appreciate
apperceived . appreciate
apperceiving . appreciate
apperception . attention
appertain . apply
appertained . apply
appertaining . apply
appertains . apply
appetence . drive
appetency . drive
appetencies . drive
appetent . intense
appetite . demand
appetites . demand
appetition . passion
appetizer . sample
appetizers . sample
appetizing . delicious
applaud . approve
applauded . approve
applauding . approve
applauds . approve
applause . praise
applauses . praise
apples . earth
applicability . application
applicabilities . application
applicative . considerable
applicatory . applicable
applique . mesh
appliques . mesh
appoint . assign
appointee . representative
appointees . representative
appointing . assign
appointments . assignment
appoints . assign
apportion . distribute
apportioned . distribute
apportioning . distribute
apportionment . allocation
apportionments . allocation
apportions . distribute
appose . connect
apposed . connect
apposes . connect
apposing . connect
appositeness . application
apposition . agreement
appositions . agreement
appraisals . assessment
appraise . assess
appraised . assess
appraiser . authority
appraisers . authority
appraises . assess
appraising . assess
appreciable . marked
appreciably . far
appreciates . enjoy
appreciating . enjoy
appreciations . recognition
appreciativeness . obligation
appreciator . expert
appreciators . expert
apprehend . capture
apprehended . capture
apprehending . capture
apprehends . capture
apprehension . alarm
apprehensions . alarm
apprehensive . afraid
apprehensiveness . alarm
apprentice . amateur
apprenticed . bound
apprentices . amateur
apprenticeship . direction
apprenticeships . direction
apprenticing . determine
appressed . solid
apprise . advise
apprised . advise
apprises . advise
apprising . advise
apprize . appreciate
apprized . learned
apprizes . appreciate
apprizing . appreciate
approachable . convenient
approached . come
approaching . coming
approbate . accept
approbated . accept
approbating . accept
approbation . approval
approbations . approval
appropriated . allow
appropriately . accordingly
appropriateness . fitness
appropriates . applicable
appropriating . allow
appropriation . donation
appropriations . donation
approvals . confirmation
approves . accept
approving . accept
approvingly . fairly
approximal . adjacent
approximated . close
approximates . close
approximating . close
approximative . comparable
appulse . shock
appulses . shock
appurtenance . addition
appurtenances . addition
appurtenant . applicable
apricot . coral
apricots . coral
apriorism . assumption
apriority . analysis
apron . cover
aprons . cover
apse . angle
apses . angle
apt . appropriate
apter . appropriate
aptest . appropriate
aptly . timely
aptness . capacity
aptnesses . capacity
aqua . extract
aquae . extract
aquake . nervous
aquamarine . olive
aquamarines . color
aquas . extract
aquatic . floating
aquatics . floating
aqueduct . channel
aqueducts . channel
aqueous . running
arabesque . color
arabesques . color
arbalest . bomb
arbalests . bomb
arbiter . moderator
arbiters . moderator
arbitrament . answer
arbitraments . answer
arbitrary . random
arbitrate . adjust
arbitrated . adjust
arbitrates . adjust
arbitrating . adjust
arbitration . adjustment
arbitrations . adjustment
arbitrator . judge
arbitrators . judge
arbor . pole
arbores . pole
arboreta . nursery
arboretum . nursery
arboretums . nursery
arboricultural . rural
arbors . pole
arcades . gallery
arcadia . heaven
arcadian . country
arcadias . heaven
archaic . ancient
archaicism . age
archaism . antique
archaisms . antique
archangel . beast
archangelic . lovely
archangels . beast
archbishop . bishop
archbishops . bishop
archdeacon . bishop
archdeacons . bishop
archdiocese . church
archdioceses . church
archduchess . count
archduchesses . count
archduke . count
archdukes . count
archer . accomplished
archery . bomb
archeries . bomb
archers . administrator
arches . arc
archest . accomplished
archetype . form
archetypes . form
arching . arc
archings . arc
archipelago . isle
archipelagoes . isle
archipelagos . isle
architectonics . building
architectures . building
archival . actual
archpriest . bishop
archway . entrance
archways . entrance
arcing . arc
arcked . arc
arcking . arc
arcs . arch
ardency . appreciation
ardencies . appreciation
ardent . intense
ardently . actively
ardor . intensity
ardors . intensity
arduous . tough
arduousness . crisis
areal . provincial
arenas . field
arf . cry
argent . silver
argentate . bright
argosy . vessels
argosies . vessels
argot . cant
argots . cant
argues . disagree
argufy . avoid
argufied . avoid
argufies . avoid
argufying . avoid
arguing . disagree
argumentation . argument
argute . sharp
aria . song
arias . song
arid . desert
aridity . bankruptcy
aridities . bankruptcy
aril . coat
arils . coat
arisen . appear
arises . appear
arisings . beginning
aristocracy . elite
aristocracies . elite
aristocrat . noble
aristocratic . elegant
aristocrats . noble
arithmetic . calculation
arithmetical . analytical
arithmetics . calculation
ark . basket
arks . basket
armada . fleet
armadas . fleet
armageddon . arena
armament . arms
armamentaria . collection
armamentarium . collection
armaments . arms
armband . collar
armbands . collar
armies . command
arming . load
armistice . suspension
armistices . suspension
armoire . repository
armoires . repository
armor . shield
armored . protected
armory . depot
armories . depot
armors . shield
aroma . perfume
aromas . perfume
aromatic . sweet
aromatics . cup
aromatize . perfume
aromatized . perfume
aromatizing . perfume
arose . appear
arousal . incentive
arousals . incentive
arouse . alert
aroused . alert
arouses . alert
arousing . alert
arpeggio . division
arpeggios . division
arrayal . array
arrayals . array
arrayed . display
arraign . blame
arraigned . blame
arraigning . blame
arraignment . charge
arraignments . charge
arraigns . blame
arraying . batch
arrays . batch
arranger . coordinator
arrangers . coordinator
arranges . file
arranging . file
arras . hanging
arrases . hanging
arrear . liability
arrears . liability
arrestation . arrest
arresting . extraordinary
arrestive . apparent
arrests . capture
arride . attract
arrided . attract
arriding . attract
arrivals . appearance
arriver . delivery
arrivers . delivery
arrives . appear
arriving . appear
arrogance . pride
arrogate . appropriate
arrogated . appropriate
arrogates . appropriate
arrogating . appropriate
arroyo . channel
arroyos . channel
arrondi . round
arrowlike . sharp
arrows . indicator
arsenal . depot
arsenals . depot
artery . avenue
arteries . avenue
artfully . carefully
arthritic . disabled
arthropod . bee
arthropods . bee
articled . bound
articulate . clear
articulated . express
articulates . express
articulating . express
articulation . delivery
articulations . delivery
artifact . amount
artifacts . amount
artifice . con
artificer . builder
artificers . builder
artifices . con
artillery . battery
artilleries . battery
artilleryman . soldier
artillerymen . soldier
artisan . builder
artisans . builder
artisanship . artwork
artiste . artist
artistes . artist
artistically . easily
artistry . ability
artistries . ability
artlessly . commonly
artworks . craft
asap . active
asbestos . concrete
ascend . arise
ascendance . control
ascendancy . advantage
ascendant . dominant
ascendants . dominant
ascended . arise
ascendency . glory
ascendent . dominant
ascending . arise
ascends . arise
ascension . climbing
ascensions . climbing
ascent . climbing
ascents . climbing
ascertain . confirm
ascertainable . marked
ascertained . confirm
ascertaining . confirm
ascertains . confirm
ascetics . priest
ascribe . attribute
ascribed . attribute
ascribes . attribute
ascribing . attribute
ascription . assignment
ascriptions . assignment
asexualize . alter
asexualized . alter
asexualizing . alter
ashake . nervous
ashamed . guilty
asher . grey
ashes . dust
ashlar . trade
ashlars . trade
asides . alone
asylum . haven
asylums . haven
asymmetrically . individually
askings . appeal
asomatous . divine
asperity . difficulty
asperities . difficulty
asperous . broken
asperser . agent
aspersers . agent
aspersion . abuse
aspersions . abuse
asphyxia . trance
asphyxias . trance
aspirant . applicant
aspirants . applicant
aspiration . aim
aspirations . aim
aspire . pursue
aspired . pursue
aspirer . candidate
aspirers . candidate
aspires . pursue
aspirin . drug
aspirins . drug
asps . snake
ass . fool
assay . appraisal
assayed . appraisal
assayer . inspector
assayers . inspector
assaying . appraisal
assail . blast
assailant . enemy
assailants . enemy
assailed . blast
assailing . blast
assails . blast
assays . appraisal
assart . gap
assassin . soldier
assassinate . execute
assassinated . execute
assassinates . execute
assassinating . execute
assassination . execution
assassinations . execution
assassins . soldier
assaulted . abuse
assaulting . charge
assaults . charge
assegai . bomb
assegais . bomb
assemblage . assembly
assemblages . assembly
assemble . collect
assembled . met
assembler . manufacturer
assemblers . manufacturer
assembles . collect
assemblies . association
assembling . collect
assent . consent
assented . consent
assenting . consent
assents . consent
assert . argue
asserted . argue
asserting . argue
assertion . defense
assertions . defense
assertive . confident
assertory . active
asserts . argue
asses . fool
assessable . significant
assesses . check
assessing . check
assessor . controller
assessors . controller
asseveration . claim
asseverations . claim
assiduity . attention
assiduities . attention
assiduously . carefully
assiduousness . attention
assignation . appointment
assignations . appointment
assignee . alternate
assignees . alternate
assigning . allow
assigns . allow
assimilate . incorporate
assimilated . incorporate
assimilates . incorporate
assimilating . incorporate
assimilation . consumption
assimilations . consumption
assistances . aid
assistants . associate
assists . aid
assize . assembly
assizes . assembly
associable . relevant
associating . combine
assonance . lyric
assonances . lyric
assort . class
assorted . mixed
assorting . class
assortment . array
assortments . array
assorts . class
assuage . satisfy
assuaged . satisfy
assuages . satisfy
assuaging . satisfy
assuasive . compliant
assuefaction . agreement
assuetude . custom
assumpsit . action
assurances . guarantee
assured . guaranteed
assuredness . assurance
assures . encourage
assurgent . proceeding
assuring . encourage
asteism . fool
asteroid . earth
asteroids . earth
astonish . shock
astonished . shock
astonishes . shock
astonishing . amazing
astonishingly . absolutely
astonishment . confusion
astonishments . confusion
astound . shock
astounded . shock
astoundment . confusion
astounds . shock
astragali . bone
astragalus . bone
astrict . force
astricted . force
astricting . force
astriction . pressure
astricts . force
astringe . contract
astringed . contract
astringence . gravity
astringency . control
astringent . cutting
astringes . contract
astringing . contract
astrological . curious
astronaut . pilot
astronauts . pilot
astronomic . considerable
astronomical . considerable
astute . intelligent
astuteness . intelligence
asudden . quickly
ataraxy . assurance
ataraxia . calm
ataraxias . calm
ataraxies . assurance
atavistic . simple
ataxia . chaos
ataxias . chaos
ate . attack
atelier . gallery
ateliers . gallery
atheism . doubt
atheisms . doubt
athenaeum . library
athenaeums . library
atheneum . study
atheneums . study
athlete . animal
athrill . crazy
atypical . odd
atlantes . design
atlantis . fancy
atlases . design
atlatl . bomb
atlatls . bomb
atmospheres . air
atmospherics . argument
atoll . isle
atolls . isle
atomization . corruption
atomize . destroy
atomized . destroy
atomizer . moisture
atomizers . moisture
atomizes . destroy
atomizing . destroy
atoms . bit
atonal . loud
atone . redeem
atoned . redeem
atonement . payment
atonements . payment
atoneness . cool
atones . redeem
atonic . disabled
atoning . redeem
atramentous . dark
atria . chamber
atrium . chamber
atriums . chamber
atrocity . horror
atrocities . horror
atrophy . decline
atrophied . thin
atrophies . decline
atrophying . decrease
attache . gear
attaches . add
attaching . add
attacking . assault
attain . complete
attainableness . action
attained . complete
attaining . complete
attainment . acquisition
attainments . acquisition
attains . complete
attaint . spot
attainted . sentence
attainting . sentence
attaints . spot
attar . oil
attars . oil
attempting . pursue
attendances . appearance
attendant . accessory
attendants . assistant
attendee . guest
attendees . guest
attends . visit
attentions . consideration
attentive . aware
attentively . closely
attentiveness . concentration
attenuate . contract
attenuated . contract
attenuates . contract
attenuating . contract
attest . demonstrate
attestable . obvious
attestant . observer
attestation . authentication
attestations . authentication
attested . demonstrate
attesting . demonstrate
attestor . observer
attestors . observer
attests . demonstrate
atticism . balance
atticisms . balance
attire . apparel
attired . array
attirement . costume
attires . apparel
attiring . array
attitudinizer . actor
attracted . bring
attracting . bring
attractiveness . appeal
attractivity . appeal
attracts . bring
attributable . mature
attributed . apply
attributing . apply
attribution . assignment
attributions . assignment
attributive . accessory
attributives . accessory
attrition . wear
attritive . rough
attune . accommodate
attuned . accommodate
attunement . arrangement
attunes . accommodate
attuning . accommodate
atune . adjust
aubade . star
aubades . star
auberge . hotel
auberges . hotel
auctioned . advertise
auctioneer . agent
auctioneers . agent
auctioning . auction
audacious . bold
audacity . enterprise
audacities . enterprise
audible . distinct
audibly . apparently
audiences . crowd
audios . audio
audiotape . register
audiotapes . register
audiovisual . sonic
audited . analysis
auditing . analyze
audition . demo
auditioning . radio
auditions . demo
auditoria . hall
auditories . ear
auditorium . hall
auditoriums . hall
audits . analysis
auger . grill
augers . grill
aught . zero
aughts . zero
augment . boost
augmentation . enhancement
augmentations . enhancement
augmented . boost
augmenting . boost
augments . boost
augur . herald
auguration . forecast
augured . forecast
augurer . medium
augurers . medium
augury . herald
auguries . herald
auguring . herald
augurs . herald
augustan . classic
augustness . beauty
aunt . father
aunts . father
aura . aspect
aurae . aspect
aural . distinct
auras . aspect
aureola . atmosphere
aureolas . atmosphere
aurify . coat
aurified . coat
aurifying . coat
auroral . brilliant
auroras . dawn
auscult . accept
auscultate . accept
auscultated . accept
auscultates . accept
auscultating . accept
auspex . oracle
auspicate . announce
auspicated . announce
auspicating . announce
auspice . sign
auspices . sponsorship
auspiciously . strongly
auspiciousness . compatibility
austere . formal
austerity . gravity
austerities . gravity
authentically . absolutely
authenticate . verify
authenticated . verify
authenticates . verify
authenticating . verify
authentications . certification
authenticity . accuracy
authenticities . accuracy
authored . activated
authoring . construction
authoritarian . strict
authoritarians . strict
authoritative . accurate
authoritativeness . confidence
authorizations . approval
authorize . enable
authorizes . enable
authorizing . enable
authorship . composition
autobiography . biography
autobiographies . biography
autocade . ceremony
autocades . ceremony
autochthon . citizen
autochthones . citizen
autochthons . citizen
autoclaved . alter
autoclaving . alter
autogenetic . mechanical
autogenous . internal
autograph . seal
autographed . seal
autography . script
autographing . seal
autographs . seal
autohypnosis . suggestion
autoist . tourist
automat . vendor
automata . appliance
automaton . appliance
automatons . appliance
automatous . automatic
automats . vendor
automobiles . auto
automobilist . operator
automobilists . operator
autonetics . automation
autonym . brand
autonomy . freedom
autonomic . automatic
autonomies . freedom
autonomously . individually
autosuggestion . notion
autosuggestions . notion
autumnal . fall
autumns . fall
auxiliary . accessory
auxiliaries . accessory
avail . account
availabilities . opportunity
availed . account
availing . account
avails . account
avalanche . flood
avalanches . flood
avantgarde . contemporary
avatars . expression
avenues . boulevard
aver . claim
averaged . moderate
averagely . fairly
averages . moderate
averaging . balance
averment . declaration
averments . declaration
averred . claim
averring . claim
avers . claim
aversion . hate
aversions . hate
avert . avoid
averted . avoid
averting . avoid
averts . avoid
avian . floating
aviate . circle
aviated . circle
aviates . circle
aviating . circle
aviations . navigation
aviator . pilot
aviators . pilot
aviatrices . ace
aviatrix . ace
avid . devoted
avigation . arrival
avocation . kick
avocations . kick
avoidance . prevention
avoidances . prevention
avoided . dodge
avoiding . dodge
avoids . dodge
avoirdupois . bulk
avouch . admit
avouched . admit
avouches . admit
avouching . admit
avouchment . declaration
avow . admit
avowal . admission
avowals . admission
avowed . accepted
avowedly . accepted
avowing . admit
avows . admit
avulse . exact
avulsed . exact
avulses . exact
avulsing . exact
avuncular . counseling
await . attend
awaited . attend
awaits . attend
awake . alive
awaked . alive
awaken . wake
awakened . wake
awakening . activation
awakenings . activation
awakens . wake
awakes . alive
awaking . alive
awakings . activation
awarding . assign
awe . horror
awed . alarm
awes . horror
awful . nasty
awing . horror
awl . bit
awls . bit
awn . bill
awning . covering
awnings . covering
awns . bill
awoke . arise
awoken . arise
awol . away
awols . cut
ax . can
axial . basic
axiological . central
axiom . theorem
axiomatically . automatically
axioms . theorem
axises . pole
axle . axis
axles . axis
azure . blue
baa . cry
baas . cry
babbit . sheep
babel . tower
babels . tower
babied . foster
babyhood . childhood
babyhoods . childhood
babying . foster
babysat . guard
babysit . notice
babysitting . guard
baboon . monkey
baboons . monkey
baboosh . pump
babouche . pump
babushka . hat
babushkas . hat
bacchanal . party
bacchanalia . excess
bacchanalias . excess
bacchanals . party
bachelors . single
bacilli . bug
bacillus . bug
backbit . abuse
backbite . abuse
backbiter . amazon
backbiters . amazon
backbites . abuse
backbiting . abuse
backbitten . abuse
backbone . determination
backbones . determination
backbreaker . critical
backcap . comment
backdate . pace
backdated . pace
backdates . pace
backdating . pace
backdown . withdrawal
backer . advocate
backers . advocate
backfire . fail
backfired . fail
backfires . fail
backfiring . fail
backyard . garden
backyards . garden
backing . advocacy
backings . advocacy
backlash . reaction
backlashed . fail
backlashes . reaction
backlashing . fail
backlog . inventory
backlogs . inventory
backpack . pack
backpacked . bear
backpacking . exploring
backpacks . pack
backpedal . back
backpedaled . back
backpedaling . back
backs . behind
backscratcher . dependent
backside . behind
backsides . behind
backslapper . dependent
backslappers . dependent
backslapping . pleasant
backslid . sin
backslidden . sin
backslide . sin
backslider . snake
backsliders . snake
backslides . sin
backstabber . rat
backstairs . classified
backstop . bar
backstops . bar
backsword . bomb
backtalk . lip
backtrack . reverse
backtracked . reverse
backtracking . reverse
backtracks . reverse
backups . substitute
backward . back
backwash . result
backwashes . result
backwater . creek
backwatered . cancel
backwaters . creek
backwoods . interior
bactericidal . clean
bacterium . bug
badder . cheap
baddest . cheap
bade . submit
badge . identification
badger . bug
badgered . bug
badgerer . bug
badgering . bug
badgers . bug
badges . identification
badinage . fool
badinages . fool
badland . desert
badlands . desert
badmouth . crack
badness . abuse
badnesses . abuse
bads . abuse
baffle . puzzle
baffled . puzzle
bafflement . confusion
bafflements . confusion
baffles . puzzle
bagatelle . game
bagatelles . game
baggage . equipment
baggages . equipment
bagged . nail
bagginess . bunch
bagging . gear
baguette . stone
baguettes . stone
bayed . bay
baying . bay
bail . bond
bailed . dig
bailiff . agent
bailiffs . agent
bailing . dig
bailiwick . area
bailiwicks . area
bails . bond
bailsman . sponsor
bailsmen . sponsor
bayonet . knife
bayoneted . knife
bayoneting . knife
bayonets . knife
bayonetted . knife
bayonetting . knife
bayou . creek
bayous . creek
bairn . baby
bairns . baby
bays . arm
bait . attraction
baited . attraction
baiting . attraction
baits . attraction
bake . heat
bakers . chef
bakes . heat
baking . burning
bakings . cooking
baksheesh . commission
baksheeshes . commission
balancer . artist
balancers . artist
balances . equity
balancing . adjust
balcony . box
balconies . box
bald . bare
baldachin . cover
baldachins . cover
balder . bare
balderdash . bull
baldest . bare
baldheaded . bare
baldness . economy
baldnesses . economy
bale . bundle
baled . pack
balefire . radar
balefires . radar
bales . bundle
baling . pack
balk . refuse
balked . refuse
balking . refuse
balks . refuse
ballad . carol
balladeer . artist
balladeers . artist
balladist . artist
balladry . verse
balladries . verse
ballads . carol
ballast . balance
ballasted . carry
ballasting . carry
ballasts . balance
ballbuster . awesome
ballet . dance
balletic . beautiful
ballets . dance
ballgame . action
ballgames . action
ballyhoo . advertisement
ballyhooed . advertise
ballyhooing . advertise
ballyhoos . advertisement
ballista . bomb
ballistae . bomb
ballooned . enlarge
ballot . election
balloted . examine
balloter . citizen
balloters . citizen
balloting . vote
ballots . election
ballpark . heaven
ballparks . heaven
balls . hop
balm . application
balmy . pleasant
balmier . pleasant
balmiest . pleasant
balminess . oil
balmoral . clothes
balmorals . clothes
balms . application
baloney . bull
baloneys . bull
balsa . boat
balsam . application
balsamic . healing
balsams . application
balsas . boat
baluster . rail
balusters . rail
balustrade . post
balustrades . post
bam . belt
bambini . babe
bambino . babe
bambinos . babe
bamboozle . con
bamboozled . con
bamboozlement . fraud
bamboozles . con
bamboozling . con
bammed . belt
bamming . belt
bams . belt
banal . stupid
banality . corn
banalities . corn
banana . actor
bananas . crazy
bandage . cast
bandaged . cast
bandages . cast
bandaging . cast
bandanna . silk
bandannas . silk
bandbox . stylish
bandeau . line
bandeaux . line
banded . affiliate
banderilla . bomb
banderillas . bomb
banderol . banner
banderols . banner
bandy . cart
bandicoot . euro
bandicoots . euro
bandied . alternate
bandies . cart
bandying . alternate
banding . line
bandit . criminal
bandits . criminal
banditti . criminal
bandleader . composer
bandore . hat
bandores . hat
bandstand . booth
bandstands . booth
bane . burden
banefulness . abuse
banes . burden
banged . boom
banging . boom
bangle . bracelet
bangles . bracelet
bangs . straight
bangup . excellent
bani . restriction
banish . eliminate
banished . eliminate
banishes . eliminate
banishing . eliminate
banishment . removal
banishments . removal
banister . rail
banisters . rail
banked . invest
banker . broker
bankers . broker
bankings . investment
banknote . bill
banknotes . bill
bankroll . finance
bankrolled . finance
bankroller . broker
bankrolling . finance
bankrolls . finance
bankrupt . broke
bankruptcies . default
bankrupted . cut
bankrupting . cut
bankrupts . dependent
banned . illegal
banneret . banner
bannerets . banner
bannerette . banner
bannerol . banner
bannerols . banner
banners . leading
banning . bar
banns . bridal
banquet . meal
banqueted . received
banqueting . lunch
banquets . meal
bans . restriction
banshee . appearance
banshees . appearance
bant . cut
bantam . little
bantams . gnome
banter . exchange
bantered . exchange
banterer . actor
banterers . actor
bantering . fool
banters . exchange
banting . cut
bantling . child
bantlings . child
baptism . debut
baptismal . debut
baptisms . debut
baptize . admit
baptizes . admit
baptizing . admit
barb . arrow
barbarian . rough
barbarians . rough
barbarism . corruption
barbarisms . corruption
barbarousness . horror
barbecue . party
barbecued . party
barbecues . party
barbecuing . party
barbed . pointed
barbel . antenna
barbels . antenna
barbered . brush
barbering . brush
barbiturate . medication
barbiturates . medication
barbs . arrow
bared . exhibit
barely . almost
barer . exposed
bares . exhibit
barest . exposed
bargained . arrangement
bargaining . trading
barged . bound
bargello . lace
bargellos . lace
barging . bound
baring . exhibit
baritone . dark
bark . skin
barked . cry
barking . cry
barks . skin
barley . corn
barleys . corn
barm . foam
barmecidal . false
barms . foam
barnyard . pen
barnyards . pen
barnstorm . campaign
barnstormed . campaign
barnstormer . pilot
barnstormers . pilot
barnstorming . campaign
barnstorms . campaign
baron . lord
baroness . lady
baronesses . lady
baronet . count
baronets . count
barong . bomb
barongs . bomb
barons . lord
baroque . rich
barouche . car
barouches . car
barrack . camp
barracks . camp
barrage . blast
barraged . fire
barrages . blast
barraging . fire
barratry . offense
barratries . offense
barred . block
barrel . drum
barreled . fly
barrelet . pipe
barreling . fast
barrelled . fly
barrelling . quick
barrels . drum
barren . empty
barrens . brush
barrer . bar
barrette . pin
barrettes . pin
barricade . barrier
barricaded . bar
barricades . barrier
barricading . barrier
barring . bar
barrio . part
barrios . part
barrister . advocate
barristers . advocate
barroom . pub
barrooms . pub
barrow . bank
barrows . bank
barter . bargain
bartered . bargain
barterer . dealer
barterers . dealer
bartering . bargain
barters . bargain
basanite . check
baseburner . runner
basement . storage
basements . storage
baser . common
basest . common
bash . celebration
bashed . pop
bashes . celebration
bashful . confused
bashfully . simply
bashfulness . reservation
bashing . assault
basilica . temple
basilicas . temple
basing . depend
basins . bowl
bask . lounge
basked . lounge
basketballs . ball
basking . lounge
basks . lounge
basset . pointer
bassets . pointer
bastard . fake
bastards . fake
baste . season
basted . season
bastes . season
bastille . cell
bastilles . cell
bastinado . bat
bastinadoes . bat
basting . season
bastion . defense
bastioned . covered
bastions . defense
batched . bundle
batches . amount
batching . bundle
bate . check
bateau . boat
bateaux . boat
bated . check
bates . check
bathe . clean
bathed . clean
bathes . clean
bathing . clean
baths . shower
bating . check
baton . rod
batons . rod
bats . bang
batt . cover
battalion . army
battalions . army
batted . bang
batten . fix
battened . fix
battening . fix
battens . fix
batter . mix
battered . beat
battering . beat
batters . mix
batty . nuts
battier . nuts
battiest . nuts
batting . bang
battled . argue
battlefields . arena
battleground . marker
battlegrounds . marker
battlement . tower
battlements . tower
battler . champion
battlers . champion
battles . action
battling . argue
batts . cover
bawd . pro
bawdy . blue
bawdier . blue
bawdiest . blue
bawdry . dirt
bawdries . dirt
bawds . pro
bawl . call
bawled . call
bawls . call
bazaar . marketplace
bazaars . marketplace
bazooka . battery
bazookas . battery
beaching . beach
beachwear . bikini
beacon . radar
beaconed . drive
beaconing . drive
beacons . radar
bead . dot
beaded . snow
beading . snow
beadledom . administration
beak . bill
beaker . glass
beakers . glass
beaks . bill
beamed . broadcast
beaming . flashing
beams . pole
beanbag . buffer
beanbags . buffer
beaned . assault
beaning . assault
bearably . fairly
beard . brush
beardedness . break
bearding . brush
beardless . developing
beards . brush
beared . carry
bearer . agent
bearers . agent
bearings . manner
beastie . monster
beasties . monster
beasts . monster
beatable . sensitive
beaten . overcome
beatification . prayer
beatitude . happiness
beatitudes . happiness
beatnik . beat
beatniks . beat
beau . flame
beaus . flame
beaut . attractive
beauteousness . beauty
beauties . charm
beautify . array
beautification . accessory
beautifications . accessory
beautified . array
beautifies . array
beautifying . array
beauts . vision
beaux . flame
bebop . blues
bebops . blues
becalm . quiet
becalmed . quiet
becalming . quiet
becalms . quiet
bechance . action
bechanced . action
bechances . action
bechancing . action
beck . stream
beckon . attract
beckoned . attract
beckoning . attract
beckons . attract
becks . stream
becloud . cloud
beclouded . cloud
beclouding . cloud
beclouds . cloud
becomingly . properly
becomingness . accordance
becomings . accepting
bedamn . flame
bedamned . flame
bedamning . flame
bedamns . flame
bedaub . soil
bedaubed . soil
bedaubing . soil
bedaubs . soil
bedaze . shock
bedazed . shock
bedazzle . blind
bedazzled . blind
bedazzlement . beam
bedazzles . blind
bedazzling . blind
bedbug . bee
bedbugs . bee
bedchamber . chamber
bedclothes . sheet
bedcover . cover
bedcovers . cover
bedded . base
beddings . sheet
bedeck . array
bedecked . array
bedecking . array
bedecks . array
bedevil . bug
bedeviled . bug
bedeviling . bug
bedevilled . bug
bedevilling . bug
bedevilment . trouble
bedevils . bug
bedew . steam
bedewed . steam
bedewing . steam
bedews . steam
bedfast . restricted
bedfellow . friend
bedfellows . friend
bedgown . lingerie
bedgowns . lingerie
bedim . cloud
bedimmed . cloud
bedimming . cloud
bedims . cloud
bedizen . array
bedizened . array
bedizening . array
bedizenment . designing
bedizens . array
bedlam . chaos
bedlamize . involve
bedlamized . involve
bedlamizing . involve
bedlams . chaos
bedmaking . administration
bedmate . bride
bedmates . bride
bedog . chase
bedraggle . disorder
bedraggled . dirty
bedraggles . disorder
bedraggling . disorder
bedrape . dress
bedraped . dress
bedrapes . dress
bedraping . dress
bedridden . disabled
bedrock . base
bedrocks . base
bedspread . cover
bedspreads . cover
bedstead . platform
bedsteads . platform
beefcake . bold
beefcakes . frame
beefed . disagree
beefhead . fool
beefiness . beef
beefing . sad
beefs . meat
beelzebub . beast
beep . signal
beeped . signal
beeping . signal
beeps . signal
beers . oil
beeswax . interest
beeswaxes . interest
beet . beta
beetled . pop
beetles . bee
beetling . outstanding
beets . beta
beeves . meat
befall . action
befallen . action
befalling . action
befalls . action
befell . action
befit . agree
befits . agree
befitted . agree
befitting . becoming
befittingly . correctly
befog . film
befogged . film
befogging . film
befogs . film
beforehand . earlier
befoul . dirty
befouled . dirty
befouling . dirty
befoulment . corruption
befouls . dirty
befriend . advise
befriended . advise
befriending . advise
befriends . advise
befuddle . puzzle
befuddlement . confusion
befuddlements . confusion
befuddles . puzzle
befuddling . puzzle
beg . ask
begat . afford
begats . breed
beget . afford
begets . afford
begetter . architect
begetters . architect
begetting . afford
beggaring . exhaust
begged . ask
begild . coat
beginner . amateur
beginners . amateur
beginnings . birth
begot . afford
begotten . afford
begrime . mark
begrimed . burning
begrimes . mark
begriming . mark
begs . ask
beguile . burn
beguiled . burn
beguilement . sport
beguilements . sport
beguiler . actor
beguilers . actor
beguiles . burn
beguiling . burn
beguin . passion
behave . act
behaved . act
behaves . act
behaving . act
behaviorism . attitude
behaviors . act
behead . execute
beheaded . execute
beheading . execute
beheads . execute
beheld . catch
behemoth . beast
behemothic . large
behemoths . beast
behest . bidding
behests . bidding
behindhand . slow
behold . catch
beholden . bound
beholder . observer
beholders . observer
beholding . catch
beholds . catch
behoove . suit
behooved . suit
behooves . suit
behooving . suit
beige . camel
beiges . camel
beings . animation
beyonds . extent
belabor . pound
belabored . pound
belaboring . pound
belabors . pound
belay . arrest
belayed . arrest
belaying . arrest
belays . arrest
belated . delayed
belatedly . slowly
belch . discharge
belched . discharge
belches . discharge
belching . discharge
beldame . amazon
beldames . amazon
beleaguer . harry
beleaguered . harry
beleaguering . harry
beleaguers . harry
belfry . head
belfries . head
belie . deny
belied . deny
belies . deny
believable . authentic
believably . apparently
believer . convert
believers . convert
believing . accepting
belying . deny
belittle . discount
belittled . discount
belittles . discount
belittling . discount
bellboy . porter
bellboys . porter
belle . dream
belled . bell
belles . dream
belletristic . classical
bellhop . porter
bellhops . porter
bellyache . protest
bellyached . protest
bellyaches . protest
bellyaching . protest
bellied . enlarge
bellies . tank
bellyful . adequate
bellyfuls . satisfaction
belligerent . aggressive
belligerents . warrior
bellying . enlarge
belling . bell
bellman . porter
bellmen . porter
bellow . bay
bellowed . bay
bellowing . bay
bellows . bay
bells . alarm
bellwether . guide
bellwethers . guide
belonged . apply
belonging . acceptance
belongings . assets
belongs . apply
beloved . dear
beloveds . dear
belted . bat
belting . ribbon
belts . ribbon
beltway . highway
beltways . highway
belvedere . anchor
belvederes . anchor
bemire . dirty
bemired . dirty
bemires . dirty
bemiring . dirty
bemuse . puzzle
bemused . absent
bemusement . trance
bemuses . puzzle
bemusing . puzzle
benched . reduce
benches . chair
benching . reduce
benchmark . gauge
benchmarks . gauge
bendability . flexibility
bended . angle
bendy . flexible
bends . angle
benedicite . grace
benedict . husband
benediction . approval
benedictions . approval
benedicts . husband
benedictus . approval
benefact . assist
benefaction . aid
benefactions . aid
benefactor . aid
benefactors . aid
benefactress . donor
benefactresses . donor
benefice . district
beneficence . aid
beneficences . aid
beneficently . correctly
benefices . district
beneficiary . recipient
beneficiaries . recipient
benefited . advance
benefiting . advance
benet . bag
benetted . bag
benetting . bag
benevolence . feeling
benevolences . feeling
benevolent . caring
benevolently . correctly
benign . friendly
benignancy . charity
benignancies . charity
benignity . charity
benignities . charity
benignly . correctly
benison . accommodation
benisons . accommodation
benny . crystal
bens . boy
bent . round
benting . flash
bents . round
bequeath . commit
bequeathal . estate
bequeathed . commit
bequeathing . commit
bequeathment . estate
bequeaths . commit
bequest . estate
bequests . estate
berate . rate
berated . rate
berates . rate
berating . rate
berceuse . music
berceuses . music
bereave . leave
bereaved . leave
bereaves . leave
bereaving . leave
beribbon . dress
beribboned . dress
beryl . navy
berm . ridge
berms . ridge
bermudas . shorts
berretta . administrator
berrettas . administrator
berries . bean
berserk . crazy
berth . port
bertha . wrap
berthas . wrap
berthed . ground
berthing . ground
berths . port
besaint . love
beseech . appeal
beseeched . appeal
beseecher . seeker
beseechers . seeker
beseeches . appeal
beseeching . appeal
beseem . become
beseemed . become
beseeming . becoming
beseems . become
beset . attack
besets . attack
besetting . attack
besiege . trap
besieged . trap
besieges . trap
besieging . trap
beslaver . charm
besmear . cloud
besmeared . cloud
besmearing . cloud
besmears . cloud
besmirch . soil
besmirched . soil
besmirches . soil
besmirching . soil
besmirchment . blame
besoil . coat
besot . shock
besots . shock
besotting . shock
besought . appeal
bespake . address
bespangle . dot
bespangled . dot
bespangles . dot
bespangling . dot
bespatter . abuse
bespattered . dirty
bespattering . abuse
bespatters . abuse
bespeak . address
bespeaking . address
bespeaks . address
bespeckle . dot
bespeckled . dot
bespoke . address
bespoken . address
bespray . cover
besprinkle . distribute
besprinkled . distribute
besprinkles . distribute
besprinkling . distribute
bested . beat
bestialize . abuse
bestialized . abuse
bestializes . abuse
bestializing . abuse
bestiary . fantasy
bestiaries . fantasy
besting . bad
bestir . challenge
bestirred . challenge
bestirring . challenge
bestirs . challenge
bestow . donate
bestowal . accordance
bestowals . accordance
bestowed . donate
bestower . angel
bestowing . donate
bestowment . accordance
bestows . donate
bestraddle . mount
bestraddled . mount
bestraddling . mount
bestrew . pepper
bestrewed . pepper
bestrewing . pepper
bestrewn . broadcast
bestrews . pepper
bestrid . arise
bestridden . arise
bestride . arise
bestrides . arise
bestriding . arise
bestrode . arise
bests . bad
bestseller . fiction
bestselling . happy
betas . beta
bethel . church
bethels . church
bethink . mind
bethinking . mind
bethinks . mind
bethlehem . stable
bethought . mind
betide . become
betided . become
betides . become
betiding . become
betimes . early
betoken . express
betokened . express
betokening . express
betokens . express
betray . cross
betrayed . cross
betrayer . rat
betrayers . rat
betraying . cross
betrays . cross
betroth . commit
betrothal . engagement
betrothals . engagement
betrothed . committed
betrothing . commit
betrothment . commitment
betroths . commit
bets . betting
betted . betting
bettered . advance
bettering . advance
betterment . progress
betterments . progress
betters . exceptional
bettor . player
bettors . player
bevel . angle
beveling . tend
bevelled . tend
bevelling . tend
bevels . angle
beverages . drink
bevy . assembly
bevies . assembly
beware . attend
bewared . attend
bewares . attend
bewaring . attend
bewilder . puzzle
bewildered . surprised
bewildering . puzzle
bewilderment . confusion
bewilders . puzzle
bewitch . attract
bewitcher . wizard
bewitches . attract
bewitching . winning
bewitchment . charm
bewitchments . charm
bezonian . dog
bhang . tea
bhangs . tea
biases . preference
biasing . preference
biassed . preference
biassing . preference
bibb . valve
bibbs . valve
bibcock . valve
bibcocks . valve
bibles . authority
biblical . divine
bibliomaniac . editor
bibliophile . intellectual
bibliophiles . intellectual
bibliotheca . study
bibliothecae . study
bibliothecas . study
bicameral . binary
bice . olive
biceps . branch
bicepses . branch
bicycled . cruise
bicycles . bike
bicycling . cruise
bicker . disagree
bickered . disagree
bickering . disagree
bickers . disagree
bicuspid . ivory
bicuspids . ivory
bidden . submit
bidders . candidate
biddings . call
bide . attend
bided . attend
bides . attend
biding . attend
biennial . flower
biennials . flower
bier . grave
biers . grave
biff . belt
biffed . belt
biffing . belt
biffs . belt
bifid . divided
biflected . round
bifocal . glass
bifocals . contacts
bifold . dual
bifurcate . branch
bifurcated . branch
bifurcates . branch
bifurcating . branch
bifurcation . branch
bifurcations . branch
bigeminal . binary
bigheartedness . charity
bight . angle
bights . angle
bigness . size
bignesses . size
bygone . ancient
bygones . past
bigotry . bias
bigotries . bias
bijou . stone
bijoux . stone
biked . cycle
biking . cycle
bikinis . lingerie
bilateral . mutual
bilaterality . couple
bilateralities . couple
bylaw . act
bylaws . act
bilbo . blade
bilboes . blade
bile . despite
biles . despite
bilge . bull
bilged . belly
bilges . bull
bilging . belly
biliousness . offense
bilk . con
bilked . con
bilking . con
bilks . con
billboard . advertisement
billboards . advertisement
billet . camp
billeted . provide
billeting . provide
billets . camp
billfold . bag
billfolds . bag
billhook . bill
billhooks . bill
billings . attention
billingsgate . abuse
billions . lots
billow . roller
billowed . belly
billowing . belly
billows . roller
bimbo . babe
bimboes . babe
bimbos . babe
bimonthly . brochure
bimonthlies . brochure
binal . binary
byname . handle
bynames . handle
binaries . couple
binate . double
bind . difficulty
binder . folder
binders . folder
bindings . mandatory
bindle . bundle
bindles . bundle
binds . difficulty
binge . blind
binges . blind
bingle . single
bingos . poker
binned . deposit
binning . deposit
bins . basket
biog . diary
biographer . composer
biographers . composer
biologies . ecology
biome . habitat
biomes . habitat
bionic . extraordinary
bionomics . conservation
biopsy . surgery
biopsies . surgery
bioscience . biology
biosciences . biology
biosphere . cave
biospheres . cave
biotic . biological
bipartisan . binary
bipartite . binary
bypass . ignore
bypassed . ignore
bypasses . ignore
bypassing . ignore
bypast . ignore
bypath . course
bypaths . course
biped . animal
bipedal . passing
bipeds . body
byplace . slot
byplay . act
byplays . act
byproduct . branch
byproducts . result
birch . pin
birched . executed
birches . pin
birching . paste
birdcage . pound
birdcages . pound
birdy . crazy
birdlike . flying
birdlime . sand
birdlimes . sand
bireme . tender
biremes . tender
biretta . hat
birettas . hat
biri . smoke
birr . zip
birrs . zip
birthed . release
birthing . bearing
birthright . claim
birthrights . claim
births . beginning
birthstone . stone
birthstones . stone
bis . over
biscuit . bronze
biscuits . bronze
bisect . cross
bisected . cross
bisecting . cross
bisection . break
bisections . break
bisects . cross
bisexual . bi
bishopric . see
bishoprics . see
bishops . administrator
bisque . amber
bisques . amber
bystander . observer
bystanders . observer
bister . amber
bistro . lounge
bistros . lounge
bite . pain
biter . piece
biters . boy
bites . pain
biting . cutting
bitsy . slight
bitted . arrest
bitter . acid
bittered . anger
bitterer . acid
bitterest . acid
bittering . anger
bitters . bang
bittersweet . coral
bittersweets . coral
bitty . limited
bittier . limited
bittiest . limited
bitting . arrest
bituminous . dark
bivouac . camp
bivouacked . continue
bivouacking . continue
bivouacs . camp
byway . avenue
byways . avenue
biweeklies . brochure
byword . gnome
bywords . gnome
blab . mouth
blabbed . mouth
blabbing . mouth
blabs . mouth
blackball . ban
blackballed . ban
blackballing . ban
blackballs . ban
blackcoat . bishop
blacked . mar
blacken . cloud
blackened . cloud
blackening . cloud
blackens . cloud
blacker . coal
blackest . coal
blackguard . cad
blackguards . cad
blackhead . spot
blackheads . spot
blackhearted . evil
blacking . mar
blackjacked . force
blackjacking . force
blackjacks . force
blacklist . bar
blacklisted . bar
blacklisting . bar
blacklists . bar
blackmail . protection
blackmailed . protection
blackmailer . con
blackmailers . con
blackmailing . protection
blackmails . protection
blackness . dark
blackout . collapse
blackouts . collapse
blacks . coal
bladder . bag
bladders . bag
blades . knife
blain . bubble
blains . bubble
blames . criticism
blameworthiness . liability
blaming . attribute
blanch . start
blanches . start
blanching . start
blandish . charm
blandished . charm
blandishes . charm
blandishing . charm
blandishment . praise
blandishments . praise
blanked . blank
blanker . bare
blankest . bare
blanket . absolute
blanketed . coat
blanketing . coat
blankets . absolute
blanking . blank
blankness . blank
blanks . bare
blare . blast
blared . blast
blares . blast
blarney . honey
blarneyed . angle
blarneying . angle
blarneys . honey
blasphemy . abuse
blasphemies . abuse
blaster . hardware
blasters . hardware
blasting . bomb
blastoff . shot
blastoffs . shot
blasts . blow
blat . cry
blats . cry
blaze . flame
blazed . flame
blazer . coat
blazers . coat
blazes . flame
blazon . announce
blazoned . announce
blazoning . announce
blazonry . coat
blazonries . coat
blazons . announce
bleacher . boxes
bleachers . boxes
bleak . cold
bleaker . cold
bleakest . cold
bleat . cry
bleats . cry
bleb . bubble
blebs . bubble
bled . run
bleed . run
bleeder . roller
bleeders . roller
bleeding . run
bleedings . discharge
bleeds . run
bleep . alarm
bleeped . cut
bleeping . cut
bleeps . alarm
blemish . brand
blemished . damage
blemishes . brand
blemishing . brand
blende . gold
blended . combine
blendes . gold
blending . combine
blends . combination
blent . combination
bless . thank
blessed . divine
blesses . thank
blessing . grace
blessings . grace
blest . thank
blethered . chat
blethering . chat
blew . drive
blight . corruption
blighted . mar
blighting . corruption
blights . corruption
blimp . aircraft
blimps . aircraft
blinded . blind
blinder . hood
blinders . hood
blindest . dark
blindfold . cover
blindfolds . cover
blindness . darkness
blinds . dark
blink . flash
blinked . flash
blinker . alarm
blinkers . alarm
blinking . flash
blinks . flash
blip . echo
blipped . blow
blipping . blow
blips . echo
bliss . happiness
blisses . happiness
blister . bubble
blistered . cut
blistery . burning
blistering . burning
blisters . bubble
blitheness . happiness
blitz . assault
blitzed . drinking
blitzes . assault
blitzing . abuse
blitzkrieg . assault
blitzkriegs . assault
blizzard . precipitation
blizzards . precipitation
bloat . belly
bloating . belly
bloats . belly
blob . ball
blobbed . bag
blobbing . bag
blobs . ball
bloc . association
blockade . closure
blockaded . hidden
blockades . closure
blockading . demonstrate
blockage . bar
blockages . bar
blocked . arrest
blockhead . fool
blockheads . fool
blockhouse . shelter
blockhouses . shelter
blocking . arrest
blockout . blank
blocs . association
blond . blonde
blondes . fair
blonds . amber
bloodbath . war
bloody . open
bloodied . open
bloodier . open
bloodies . open
bloodying . open
bloodlettings . fighting
bloodline . genealogy
bloodlines . genealogy
bloods . juice
bloodshed . fighting
bloodthirstiness . violence
bloom . flower
bloomed . flower
bloomer . error
bloomers . error
blooming . growing
blooms . flower
blooper . error
bloopers . error
blossomed . blow
blossomy . decorative
blossoming . developing
blot . brand
blotch . mark
blotches . mark
blotching . seal
blots . brand
blotted . dirty
blotter . diary
blotters . diary
blotting . brand
blouse . shell
blouses . shell
bloviate . cry
bloviated . cry
bloviates . cry
bloviating . cry
blowgun . bomb
blowguns . bomb
blowings . talk
blowoff . conclusion
blowoffs . conclusion
blowout . blast
blowouts . blast
blows . hurricane
blowup . blast
blowups . blast
blowzy . dirty
blowzier . dirty
blowziest . dirty
blubber . fat
blubbered . fat
blubbers . fat
bludgeon . bat
bludgeoned . alarm
bludgeoning . alarm
bludgeons . bat
blueblood . noble
bluecoat . bobby
bluecoats . bobby
bluejacket . captain
bluejackets . captain
blueness . evil
bluenesses . evil
bluenose . correct
blueprint . draft
blueprinted . manufactured
blueprinting . architecture
blueprints . draft
bluer . navy
bluest . navy
bluff . brief
bluffed . brief
bluffer . brief
bluffers . actor
bluffest . brief
bluffing . affect
bluffs . brief
blunder . error
blundered . error
blundering . blow
blunders . error
blunt . round
blunted . sap
blunter . round
bluntest . round
blunting . round
bluntness . brass
blunts . round
blur . blind
blurb . ad
blurbs . ad
blurred . blind
blurry . cloudy
blurrier . cloudy
blurriest . cloudy
blurring . blind
blurs . blind
blurt . reveal
blurted . reveal
blurting . reveal
blurts . reveal
blush . burning
blushed . burning
blusher . coral
blushes . burning
blushful . confused
blustered . cow
blustering . cow
boarded . catch
boarder . guest
boarders . guest
boarding . catch
boardinghouse . apartment
boardinghouses . apartment
boardwalk . boulevard
boardwalks . boulevard
boast . joy
boasted . advertise
boasts . joy
boated . navigate
boater . marine
boaters . marine
boatyard . harbor
boatyards . harbor
boating . sailing
boatings . sailing
bobbed . cut
bobber . close
bobbers . close
bobbies . officer
bobbin . cord
bobbing . bow
bobbins . cord
bobcat . cat
bobcats . cat
bobs . bow
bod . frame
bode . forecast
boded . forecast
bodement . warning
bodements . warning
bodes . forecast
bodhi . appreciation
bodice . underwear
bodices . underwear
bodied . mean
bodyguard . guardian
bodyguards . guardian
bodying . mean
bodily . physical
boding . forecast
bodings . warning
bodysuit . shell
bodysuits . shell
bodkin . blade
bodkins . blade
bods . frame
boff . assault
boffo . comic
boffs . assault
bogart . exclude
bogey . monster
bogeyman . monster
bogeymen . monster
bogeys . monster
bogged . eliminate
bogging . eliminate
boggle . shock
boggled . shock
boggles . shock
boggling . shock
bogy . alarm
bogie . gnome
bogies . gnome
bogyman . monster
bogymen . monster
bogus . fake
bohemian . artist
bohemianism . exception
bohemians . artist
boycott . avoid
boycotted . avoid
boycotter . radical
boycotting . avoid
boycotts . avoid
boyfriend . companion
boyfriends . companion
boyhood . childhood
boyhoods . childhood
boil . tumor
boildown . abstract
boiled . tumor
boiler . burner
boilerplate . moderate
boilers . burner
boylike . new
boiling . burning
boils . tumor
boisterous . loud
boisterously . heavily
boisterousness . blast
bola . rope
bolas . rope
bolder . forward
boldest . forward
boldface . font
boldfaced . assuming
boldfaces . font
boldness . determination
boldnesses . determination
bole . piece
boles . piece
bollard . bit
bollards . bit
bollixed . lost
bolo . blade
bolos . blade
bolshevik . red
bolsheviki . red
bolsheviks . red
bolshevist . red
bolshevists . red
bolster . aid
bolstered . aid
bolstering . aid
bolsters . aid
bolt . pin
bolted . bound
bolting . pin
bolts . pin
bolus . dose
boluses . dose
bombard . blast
bombarded . blast
bombarding . blast
bombardment . assault
bombardments . assault
bombards . blast
bombast . cotton
bombastry . cotton
bombasts . cotton
bombed . faced
bombilate . sing
bombinate . boom
bombinating . boom
bombs . device
bombshell . shock
bombshells . shock
bombsight . radar
bombsights . radar
bonbon . cream
bonbons . cream
bondage . chains
bondages . chains
bonded . secured
bondholder . investor
bondholders . investor
bonding . connect
bondman . slave
bondmen . slave
bondwoman . slave
bondwomen . slave
boned . hurt
bonedry . desert
bonehead . fool
boneheads . fool
boner . error
boners . error
bong . bang
bonged . bang
bonging . bang
bongs . bang
boniness . consumption
boninesses . consumption
boning . hurt
bonk . bat
bonked . beat
bonking . beat
bonks . bat
bonnet . cap
bonnets . cap
bonuses . benefit
boob . fool
booboo . abuse
booboos . abuse
boody . frame
boodle . crowd
boodled . crowd
boodles . crowd
boodling . crowd
boogeyman . fear
boogeymen . fear
boogie . blues
boogies . blues
boogiewoogie . blues
boohoo . cry
boohooed . cry
boohooing . cry
boohoos . cry
bookcase . cabinet
bookcases . cabinet
booked . engaged
bookie . player
bookies . player
bookishness . precision
bookkeeper . clerk
bookkeepers . clerk
bookkeeping . recording
booklet . brochure
booklets . brochure
bookmaker . player
bookmakers . player
bookrack . cabinet
bookracks . cabinet
bookworm . intellectual
bookworms . intellectual
boomed . bang
boomerang . return
boomeranged . return
boomeranging . return
boomerangs . return
booming . growing
booms . bang
boon . benefit
boondocks . bush
boondoggle . fraud
boondoggled . drag
boondoggles . fraud
boondoggling . drag
boonies . wilderness
boons . benefit
boor . bear
boorish . ugly
boors . bear
boosted . advance
booster . sponsor
boosters . sponsor
boosting . advance
boosts . addition
booted . footwear
booths . box
booties . gain
booting . footwear
bootlegging . copying
bootlicker . dependent
bootlickers . dependent
bootstrap . reset
bootstrapped . reset
bootstrapping . reset
bootstraps . reset
booze . alcohol
boozed . faced
boozer . drunk
boozers . drunk
boozes . alcohol
bop . bang
bopped . bang
bopping . belt
bops . bang
bordered . communicate
bordering . adjacent
borderland . boundary
borderlands . boundary
borderline . open
borderlines . boundary
bore . drag
bored . tired
bores . drag
boresome . tired
boring . stupid
borne . narrow
borning . bear
borough . district
boroughs . district
borrow . acquire
borrowing . financing
borrows . acquire
borscht . bowl
borschts . bowl
bort . ice
borts . ice
boscage . forest
boscages . forest
bosh . bull
boshes . bull
bosk . forest
boskage . brake
boskages . brake
bosket . tree
boskets . tree
bosky . cloudy
boskier . cloudy
boskiest . cloudy
bosks . forest
bosom . chest
bosoms . chest
bossed . capital
bosser . capital
bosses . administrator
bossing . capital
bota . bottle
botany . anatomy
botanic . agricultural
botanical . agricultural
botanies . anatomy
botas . bottle
botch . blow
botched . blow
botches . blow
botching . blow
bother . anxiety
botheration . problem
bothered . disturbed
botherment . drag
bothers . anxiety
bothersomeness . difficulty
bottega . library
bottegas . library
botteghe . library
bottled . kept
bottleneck . barrier
bottlenecks . barrier
bottling . keeping
bottomed . hang
bottoming . hang
bottomless . unlimited
bottommost . below
bottoms . base
boudoir . bedroom
boudoirs . bedroom
bouffant . bob
bouffants . bob
bough . arm
boughs . arm
bouillon . bowl
bouillons . bowl
boulder . earth
bouldered . rough
boulders . earth
boulevards . avenue
bounce . animation
bounced . animation
bouncer . guardian
bouncers . guardian
bounces . animation
bounciness . bound
bouncing . bound
bounded . defined
bounder . cad
bounders . cad
bounding . hop
boundless . unlimited
boundness . authority
bounds . driven
bounteousness . charity
bounty . donation
bounties . donation
bountifulness . charity
bouquet . pot
bouquets . pot
bourbon . alcohol
bourbons . alcohol
bourgeois . common
bourn . desire
bourne . cap
bournes . cap
bourns . desire
bout . round
boutique . booth
boutiques . booth
boutonniere . pot
boutonnieres . pot
bouts . round
bovine . cow
bovines . cow
bowdlerization . restriction
bowdlerizations . restriction
bowdlerize . edit
bowdlerized . edit
bowdlerizes . edit
bowdlerizing . edit
bowel . belly
boweled . empty
boweling . empty
bowelled . empty
bowelling . empty
bowels . belly
bower . grove
bowers . grove
bowing . arch
bowings . bank
bowled . basin
bowleg . army
bowlegs . army
bowls . basin
bows . angle
bowsprit . nose
bowsprits . nose
boxings . battle
bozo . comic
bozos . comic
brabant . bedding
brace . arm
braced . prepare
braces . arm
brachiator . human
bracing . cool
bracken . cover
brackens . cover
bracket . joint
bracketed . intermediate
bracketing . tie
brackets . joint
bract . blade
bracts . blade
brads . nail
brag . mouth
bragged . mouth
bragging . mouth
brags . mouth
brahmin . elegant
brahmins . noble
braid . queue
braided . lace
braiding . queue
braidings . cable
braids . queue
braincase . crown
brainchild . creation
brainchildren . creation
brained . assault
brainy . brilliant
brainier . brilliant
brainiest . brilliant
braining . assault
brainpan . crown
brainpans . crown
brainpower . brain
brains . doctor
brainstorm . analyze
brainstorming . analyze
brainstorms . analyze
brainteaser . problem
brainteasers . problem
brainwash . alter
brainwashed . alter
brainwashes . alter
brainwashing . conditioning
braise . brown
braised . brown
braises . brown
braising . brown
braked . anchor
brakes . anchor
braking . anchor
bramble . spray
brambles . spray
brambly . complicated
bramblier . complicated
brambliest . complicated
bran . corn
brancher . accessory
branching . divided
branchings . branch
branchlet . wing
branded . mark
brandy . marc
brandies . marc
branding . mark
brandish . flash
brandished . flash
brandishes . flash
brandishing . flash
brannigan . debate
brans . corn
bras . bikini
brash . bold
brasher . bold
brashes . fill
brashest . bold
brasses . assumption
brassy . bold
brassie . driver
brassier . bold
brassies . driver
brassiest . bold
brassiness . brass
brat . punk
brats . punk
bravado . talk
bravadoes . talk
bravados . talk
brave . confident
braved . confident
braveness . heart
braver . confident
bravery . spirit
braveries . spirit
braves . bear
bravest . confident
braving . bear
bravo . hand
bravoes . appreciation
bravos . hand
bravura . determination
bravuras . determination
bravure . determination
brawl . argument
brawled . argument
brawler . punk
brawlers . punk
brawling . argument
brawls . argument
brawn . beef
brawniness . energy
brawns . beef
braze . attach
brazed . attach
brazen . bold
brazened . cow
brazening . cow
brazenly . fully
brazens . cow
brazes . attach
brazier . can
braziers . can
brazing . attach
breach . crack
breached . break
breaches . crack
breaching . break
breadbasket . belly
breadbaskets . belly
breads . diet
breadth . diameter
breadthen . develop
breadths . diameter
breadwinner . provider
breadwinners . provider
breakaway . separation
breakdowns . failure
breaker . roller
breakers . roller
breakfasted . lunch
breakfasting . lunch
breakneck . rapid
breakoff . interval
breakout . flight
breakouts . flight
breakthrough . boost
breakthroughs . boost
breakup . breakdown
breakups . breakdown
breakwater . barrier
breakwaters . barrier
breastfeeding . feed
breastpin . jewelry
breasts . chest
breaststroke . dive
breaststrokes . dive
breastwork . barrier
breastworks . barrier
breathe . fan
breathed . fan
breather . break
breathers . break
breathes . fan
breathing . respiratory
breathlessly . actively
breaths . animation
breathtaking . amazing
bred . produced
breech . back
breeched . dress
breeches . shorts
breeching . dress
breeder . coach
breeders . coach
breedings . development
breeze . air
breezed . air
breezes . air
breezily . easily
breezing . air
brethren . relative
brevet . agency
brevets . agency
breviary . abstract
breviaries . abstract
brevity . economy
brevities . economy
brew . beverage
brewed . beverage
brewing . cook
brewings . advance
brews . beverage
briar . brush
briars . brush
bribe . compensation
bribed . approach
bribery . protection
briberies . protection
bribes . compensation
bribing . approach
brickbat . cause
brickbats . cause
bricked . brick
bricker . amber
bricking . brick
bricks . stone
brickwall . balanced
brickwork . stone
bridals . bridal
bridegroom . husband
bridegrooms . husband
brides . mate
bridged . link
bridging . span
bridle . check
bridled . control
bridles . check
bridling . control
briefcase . bag
briefcases . bag
briefed . advise
briefer . limited
briefest . limited
briefing . conference
briefings . conference
briefly . shortly
briefs . limited
brier . spray
briery . complicated
briers . spray
brig . prison
brigade . army
brigades . army
brigand . soldier
brigands . soldier
brigantine . craft
brigantines . craft
brighten . polish
brightened . polish
brightening . polish
brightens . polish
brighter . brilliant
brightest . brilliant
brightness . light
brights . aurora
brigs . prison
brilliance . excellence
brilliancy . excellence
brilliancies . excellence
brilliants . stone
brim . border
brimmed . fill
brimming . filled
brims . border
brindles . dot
brine . blue
brined . season
brines . blue
bringdown . blow
briny . ocean
brinier . ocean
brinies . pond
briniest . ocean
brining . season
brink . threshold
brinks . threshold
brio . animation
brios . animation
brisk . quick
brisker . quick
briskest . quick
briskly . rapidly
briskness . velocity
bristle . fiber
bristled . rise
bristles . fiber
bristling . rise
britches . shorts
bro . associate
broach . advance
broached . advance
broaches . advance
broaching . advance
broadcasted . advertisement
broadcaster . editor
broadcasters . editor
broadcastings . radio
broadcasts . advertisement
broaden . develop
broadened . develop
broadening . expanding
broadenings . expanding
broadens . develop
broader . deep
broadest . deep
broadly . generally
broadness . span
broads . deep
broadsides . brochure
broadsword . blade
broadswords . blade
brocade . lace
brocades . lace
brocard . theorem
brochette . pick
brochettes . pick
brochures . advertisement
brogue . expression
brogues . expression
broil . burn
broiled . burn
broiling . burning
broils . burn
brokenness . break
brokerage . contribution
brokerages . contribution
bromide . compound
bromides . compound
bronzer . copper
bronzes . bronze
bronzing . bronze
brooch . jewelry
brooches . jewelry
brood . breed
brooded . consider
brooding . consider
broods . breed
brook . branch
brooked . branch
brooking . branch
brooklet . burn
brooklets . burn
broomed . clean
brooming . clean
bros . associate
broth . bowl
brotherhood . guild
broths . bowl
brouhaha . row
brouhahas . row
brow . face
browbeat . cow
browbeaten . cow
browbeating . cow
browbeats . cow
browner . amber
brownest . amber
browning . heating
brownish . copper
browns . brown
brows . face
browsed . read
browses . read
bruise . injury
bruised . mar
bruiser . beast
bruisers . beast
bruises . injury
bruising . mar
bruit . advertise
bruited . advertise
bruiting . advertise
bruits . advertise
brumal . frozen
brunch . breakfast
brunches . breakfast
brunet . brunette
brunets . brown
brunettes . brown
brunt . burden
brunts . burden
brushcut . bob
brushed . kiss
brushland . brush
brushoff . check
brushoffs . check
brushwood . cover
brusquely . rapidly
brutal . rough
brute . animal
brutes . animal
brutishness . violence
bubbled . issue
bubbles . foam
buccaneer . rover
buccaneering . copying
buccaneers . rover
buck . bull
buckboard . coach
buckboards . coach
bucked . bound
bucket . can
bucketed . deposit
bucketing . deposit
buckets . can
bucking . bound
buckle . catch
buckled . catch
buckler . buffer
bucklers . buffer
buckles . catch
buckling . bend
buckram . solid
bucks . bull
buckshot . ball
buckshots . ball
buckwheater . amateur
bucolic . country
bucolics . yahoo
bud . shoot
budded . shoot
buddies . associate
budding . growing
budge . bend
budged . bend
budges . bend
budgetary . financial
budgeted . account
budgeting . calculate
budgets . account
budging . bend
buds . shoot
budtime . prime
buff . bare
buffaloes . camel
buffaloing . affect
buffalos . buffalo
buffed . bare
buffers . defense
buffet . counter
buffeted . bang
buffeting . bang
buffetings . injury
buffets . counter
buffing . bare
buffoon . comic
buffoonery . humor
buffooneries . humor
buffoons . comic
buffs . bare
bugaboo . alarm
bugaboos . alarm
bugbear . fear
bugbears . fear
buyback . admission
buybacks . admission
builded . frame
builds . frame
buildup . enlargement
buildups . enlargement
builtin . fixed
buys . acquisition
bulb . corn
bulbous . oval
bulbs . corn
bulge . bunch
bulged . bunch
bulges . bunch
bulked . mount
bulker . extensive
bulky . heavy
bulkier . heavy
bulkiest . heavy
bulkiness . danger
bulking . mount
bulks . amount
bulla . bubble
bullae . bubble
bullbeggar . alarm
bulldog . community
bulldogged . constant
bulldogs . community
bulldoze . drive
bulldozed . drive
bulldozes . drive
bulldozing . drive
bulled . promote
buller . considerable
bulleted . bullet
bulleting . bullet
bulletins . announcement
bullets . ball
bullheadedness . resolve
bully . tough
bullied . torture
bullies . tough
bulling . promote
bullion . gold
bullions . gold
bullpen . cell
bullpens . cell
bulls . trash
bullseye . appropriate
bullshit . bull
bullshits . bull
bullshitted . bull
bullshitting . bull
bullwhip . bat
bullwhips . bat
bullwork . labor
bulwark . barrier
bulwarked . covered
bulwarking . assure
bulwarks . barrier
bumblebee . bee
bumblebees . bee
bumbler . fool
bumblers . fool
bummer . disaster
bummers . disaster
bummest . dirty
bump . bang
bumped . bang
bumpers . buffer
bumpiness . break
bumping . bang
bumpkin . country
bumpkins . country
bumpoff . crime
bumps . bang
bun . bread
bunched . band
bunches . band
bunching . band
bunco . corruption
buncoed . affect
buncoing . affect
buncos . corruption
bundled . pack
bundles . array
bundling . array
bung . connection
bungalow . cabin
bungalows . cabin
bunged . cast
bunging . cast
bungle . mar
bungled . mar
bungler . fool
bunglers . fool
bungles . mar
bunglings . error
bungs . connection
bunion . injury
bunions . injury
bunk . jazz
bunked . crash
bunker . shelter
bunkers . shelter
bunking . crash
bunkmate . friend
bunkmates . friend
bunks . jazz
buns . bread
bunt . meet
bunted . meet
bunting . meet
buntings . color
bunts . meet
buoy . float
burble . bubble
burbled . bubble
burbles . bubble
burbs . village
burdened . loaded
burdening . load
burdens . anxiety
burdensome . difficult
bureaucracy . administration
bureaucracies . administration
bureaucrat . administrator
bureaucrats . administrator
bureaus . agency
bureaux . agency
burette . basin
burettes . basin
burg . town
burgee . color
burgees . color
burgeon . expand
burgeoned . expand
burgeoning . expand
burgeons . expand
burgess . national
burgesses . national
burgher . national
burghers . national
burglary . crime
burglaries . crime
burglarize . rob
burglarized . rob
burglarizes . rob
burglarizing . rob
burgle . rip
burgled . rip
burgles . rip
burgling . rip
burgs . town
burgundy . coral
burgundies . coral
bury . deposit
burial . funeral
burials . funeral
buries . deposit
burying . deposit
burke . dodge
burked . dodge
burkes . dodge
burking . dodge
burlap . bag
burlaps . bag
burlesque . comic
burlesqued . reproduced
burlesques . comic
burlesquing . rail
burly . athletic
burlier . athletic
burlies . strip
burliest . athletic
burners . lamp
burnings . infection
burnish . glance
burnished . glance
burnishes . glance
burnishing . glance
burr . buzz
burred . ignore
burring . ignore
burrow . den
burrowed . den
burrowing . tunnel
burrows . den
burrs . buzz
bursa . bag
bursae . bag
bursar . controller
bursary . assistance
bursaries . assistance
bursars . controller
bursas . bag
burst . crack
bursted . crack
bursting . breaking
bursts . crack
busby . hat
busbies . hat
bused . integrate
buses . integrate
bushed . beat
bushel . loads
bushels . loads
busher . minor
bushes . brush
bushy . hairy
bushier . hairy
bushiest . hairy
bushiness . break
bushing . layer
bushings . layer
bushman . aboriginal
bushmen . aboriginal
bushwhack . assault
bushwhacked . assault
bushwhacker . enemy
bushwhackers . enemy
bushwhacking . assault
bushwhacks . assault
busybodied . prevent
busied . attend
busier . active
busies . attend
busiest . active
busying . attend
busily . carefully
busyness . effort
busynesses . effort
businesslike . practical
businessman . dealer
businessmen . dealer
businesswoman . dealer
businesswomen . dealer
busing . integrate
bussings . parking
bust . breast
busted . break
busting . breast
bustle . do
bustled . do
bustles . do
bustling . dust
busts . breast
butcher . processor
butchered . clean
butchery . killing
butcheries . killing
butchering . processor
butchers . processor
butlers . man
butt . tail
butte . ridge
butted . tail
buttercup . babe
buttercups . babe
buttered . butter
butterflied . blow
butterflies . afraid
butterflying . blow
butteries . chamber
buttering . butter
buttermilk . cream
butters . oil
buttes . ridge
butting . behind
buttinski . consultant
buttock . behind
buttocks . behind
buttoned . close
buttonhole . pot
buttonholed . demand
buttonholes . pot
buttonholing . demand
buttoning . close
buttress . column
buttressed . column
buttresses . column
buttressing . column
buzzed . ring
buzzer . alarm
buzzers . alarm
buzzes . ring
buzzing . ring
buzzword . cant
buzzwords . cant
cabal . scheme
caballed . operate
caballing . operate
cabals . scheme
cabana . cabin
cabanas . cabin
cabaret . disco
cabarets . disco
cabinetmaker . builder
cabinetmakers . builder
cabinets . case
cabins . box
cablegram . cable
cablegrams . cable
cabling . affiliate
caboodle . amount
caboodles . amount
cabs . taxi
caches . repository
cachet . design
cachets . design
cachexia . disease
cachexias . disease
caching . repository
cackler . fit
cacology . abuse
cacophony . noise
cacophonies . noise
cadaver . body
cadavers . body
caddy . bag
caddies . bag
cadence . beat
cadences . beat
cadency . beat
cadencies . beat
cadet . student
cadets . student
cadre . organization
cadres . organization
cads . dog
caducei . staff
caduceus . staff
caecilian . frog
caesura . break
caesurae . break
caesuras . break
cafes . joint
caffeine . ink
caffeines . ink
cage . jail
caged . jail
cageyness . competition
cages . jail
caging . jail
cahoot . alliance
cahoots . alliance
cay . isle
cairn . ceremony
cairns . ceremony
cays . isle
caisson . box
caissons . box
caitiff . rat
caitiffs . rat
cayuse . glass
cayuses . glass
cajole . con
cajoled . con
cajolery . alignment
cajoleries . alignment
cajoles . con
cajoling . con
caked . dirty
cakes . block
cakewalk . dance
cakewalks . dance
caking . layer
calamity . collapse
calamities . collapse
calamitous . adverse
calash . cover
calashes . cover
calcify . set
calcification . setting
calcified . frozen
calcifies . set
calcifying . set
calcimining . covering
calcine . char
calcined . char
calcines . char
calcining . char
calcitrate . boot
calculates . adjust
calculating . designing
calculi . calculation
calculous . rough
calculus . calculation
calculuses . calculation
caldera . hole
calderas . hole
caldron . pot
caldrons . pot
calefaction . climate
calembour . joke
calender . detail
calendered . detail
calendering . detail
calenders . detail
calenture . force
caliber . ability
calibers . ability
calibrate . adjust
calibrated . measured
calibrates . adjust
calibrating . checking
calibration . amount
calibrations . amount
calyces . leaf
calico . cotton
calicoes . cotton
calicos . cotton
calidity . fever
caliginosity . darkness
caliper . adjust
calipered . adjust
calipering . adjust
calipers . adjust
caliph . king
caliphs . king
calyx . leaf
calyxes . leaf
caller . guest
callers . guest
calligraphy . writing
callings . art
calloused . cake
callouses . cake
callousing . cake
callousness . lack
callus . adjust
callused . adjust
calluses . adjust
callusing . adjust
calmant . medication
calmed . cool
calmer . cool
calmest . cool
calmly . easily
calmness . calm
calmnesses . calm
calms . cool
calorify . grill
calumny . lie
calumniator . amazon
calumniators . amazon
calumnies . lie
calvary . difficulty
calvaries . difficulty
camaraderie . fellowship
camber . cant
cambered . arc
cambering . arc
cambers . cant
cambric . bedding
cambrics . bedding
camels . cream
cameo . bracelet
cameos . bracelet
camerae . camcorder
camion . car
camions . car
camisole . wrap
camisoles . wrap
camouflage . mask
camouflaged . covered
camouflages . mask
camouflaging . mask
campaigned . drive
campaigner . champion
campaigners . champion
campaigning . contest
campanile . head
campaniles . head
campanili . head
campfire . cottage
campfires . cottage
campground . cottage
campgrounds . cottage
campy . bizarre
campier . bizarre
campiest . bizarre
campo . plain
campos . plain
campuses . square
canaan . heaven
canals . channel
canape . bit
canapes . bit
canary . bare
canasta . poker
canastas . poker
canceled . cut
canceling . cut
cancellations . retirement
cancelled . cut
cancelling . cut
cancels . cut
cancers . corruption
candescence . polish
candidacy . application
candidacies . application
candidateship . application
candidness . lack
candidnesses . lack
candied . delicious
candies . sweet
candying . strengthen
candled . analyze
candleholder . crown
candling . analyze
cane . pole
caned . belt
canes . pole
canine . fox
canines . fox
caning . spanking
canyons . valley
canister . basin
canisters . basin
canker . corruption
cankered . corruption
cankering . corruption
cankers . corruption
cannabis . pot
cannabises . pot
canned . kept
canny . intelligent
cannier . intelligent
canniest . intelligent
cannikin . bottle
cannikins . bottle
canning . keeping
cannings . keeping
cannonade . battery
cannonaded . boom
cannonades . battery
cannonading . blast
cannonball . directive
cannonballs . directive
cannoneer . soldier
cannoneers . soldier
cannonry . battery
cannonries . battery
cannula . pipe
cannulae . pipe
cannulas . pipe
canoeing . sailing
canoness . sister
canonesses . sister
canonic . classic
canonicate . ministry
canonist . convert
canonists . convert
canonization . acceptance
canonizations . acceptance
canonize . love
canonized . love
canonizes . love
canonizing . love
canonry . ministry
canonries . ministry
canons . catalogue
canoodle . pet
canoodled . pet
canoodles . pet
canoodling . parking
canopy . cover
canopied . coat
canopies . cover
canopying . coat
cans . bottle
canst . bottle
cantankerousness . anger
cantata . arrangement
cantatas . arrangement
canted . angle
canter . race
cantered . race
cantering . race
canters . race
canticle . verse
canticles . verse
cantilever . pole
cantilevers . pole
cantillate . wait
cantillated . wait
cantillating . wait
cantlet . atom
canton . corner
cantoned . accommodate
cantoning . accommodate
cantonment . cabin
cantonments . cabin
cantons . corner
cantor . leader
cantors . leader
cants . show
canvases . duck
canvass . consult
canvassed . consult
canvasses . consult
canvassing . consult
canzonet . chorus
canzonets . chorus
capableness . ability
capably . completely
capaciously . properly
capacitate . enable
capacitated . enable
capacitates . enable
capacitating . enable
capacities . quantity
caparison . clothing
caparisoned . array
caparisoning . array
caparisons . clothing
caper . hop
capered . bound
capering . hop
capers . hop
capes . arm
capillary . hair
capillaries . hair
capitalism . competition
capitalist . entrepreneur
capitalists . entrepreneur
capitalization . funding
capitalizations . funding
capitalize . gain
capitalized . gain
capitalizes . gain
capitalizing . gain
capitally . carefully
capitals . central
capitation . contribution
capitations . contribution
capitols . center
capitula . brain
capitulate . bow
capitulated . bow
capitulates . bow
capitulating . bow
capitulation . submission
capitulations . submission
capitulum . brain
capon . chicken
caponize . alter
caponized . alter
caponizes . alter
caponizing . alter
capons . chicken
capote . cape
capotes . cape
capped . beat
capper . cap
cappers . cap
capping . beat
cappuccino . ink
caprice . bee
caprices . bee
capriciousness . anxiety
capriole . dive
caprioles . dive
capsheaf . head
capsize . roll
capsizes . roll
capsizing . roll
capstone . height
capstones . height
capsule . pocket
capsuled . skin
capsules . pocket
capsuling . skin
capsulize . cut
capsulized . cut
capsulizing . cut
captained . conduct
captaining . conduct
captains . boss
caption . explanation
captioned . highlight
captioning . highlight
captions . explanation
captivate . charm
captivated . charm
captivates . charm
captivating . charm
captivation . concentration
captive . bound
captives . bound
captivity . custody
captivities . custody
captor . holder
captors . holder
captures . arrest
capturing . arrest
capuche . hat
capuches . hat
capuchin . hat
capuchins . hat
carabiniere . deputy
carabinieri . deputy
caracal . cat
caracals . cat
caracole . dance
caracoled . dance
caracoles . dance
caracoling . dance
carafe . bottle
carafes . bottle
caramels . cream
carapace . case
carapaces . case
carat . ace
caravan . band
caravans . band
caravansary . hotel
caravansaries . hotel
carbine . weapon
carbines . weapon
carbohydrate . sugar
carbohydrates . sugar
carboned . clone
carbonize . burn
carbonized . burn
carbonizes . burn
carbonizing . burn
carbons . coal
carbuncle . stones
carbuncles . stones
carcanet . jewelry
carcanets . jewelry
carcass . remains
carcinogen . killer
carcinogens . killer
carded . announce
cardinal . basic
cardinalate . ministry
cardinalates . ministry
cardinally . automatically
cardinals . figure
carding . announce
cardsharp . cad
cardsharper . cheat
cardsharps . cad
cared . tend
careen . bend
careened . bend
careening . bend
careens . bend
careered . pepper
careering . pepper
carefree . happy
carefreeness . happiness
carefulness . care
careless . casual
cares . responsibility
caress . feel
caressed . kiss
caresses . feel
caressing . kiss
caretaker . supervisor
caretakers . supervisor
cargoes . freight
cargos . freight
caryatid . post
caryatides . post
caryatids . post
caricatural . comic
caricature . cartoon
caricatured . expanded
caricatures . cartoon
caricaturing . rail
caricaturist . actor
caricaturists . actor
caryopses . kernel
caryopsides . kernel
caryopsis . kernel
caritas . attachment
carking . difficult
carmine . cherry
carmines . cherry
carnage . crime
carnages . crime
carnassial . ivory
carny . fair
carnies . fair
carnival . fair
carnivalesque . happy
carnivals . fair
caroled . wait
caroling . wait
carolled . wait
carolling . wait
carols . chorus
carom . glance
caromed . glance
caroming . glance
caroms . glance
carousal . drunk
carousals . drunk
carouse . drink
caroused . drink
carouses . drink
carousing . drink
carp . pan
carped . pan
carpenter . builder
carpentered . constructed
carpentering . form
carpenters . builder
carpeting . mat
carpets . runner
carpings . blast
carport . shop
carports . shop
carps . pan
carrel . box
carrels . box
carriage . freight
carriageable . compact
carriages . freight
carryall . pack
carryalls . pack
carryings . care
carrion . body
carryon . gear
carrions . body
carryons . gear
carryout . breakfast
carryouts . breakfast
carryover . rest
carryovers . rest
carrot . motivation
carrots . motivation
cartable . compact
cartage . freight
cartages . freight
carte . card
carted . truck
cartel . consortium
cartels . consortium
cartes . card
carting . truck
carton . container
cartons . container
cartooned . cartoon
cartooning . cartoon
cartoonist . artist
cartoonists . artist
cartouche . ball
cartouches . ball
carts . truck
cartulary . archive
cartularies . archive
caruncle . spot
caruncles . spot
carus . trance
carve . fashion
carved . cut
carven . cut
carver . artist
carvers . artist
carves . fashion
carving . fashion
carvings . mark
casa . address
casanova . cad
casanovas . cad
casas . address
cascade . falls
cascaded . falls
cascades . falls
cascading . pour
caseation . concentration
cased . bag
caseharden . cake
casehardening . setting
casehardens . cake
casement . belt
casements . belt
cashable . accepted
cashed . currency
casher . financial
cashers . collector
cashes . currency
cashier . clerk
cashiered . clerk
cashiering . clerk
cashing . currency
cashkeeper . controller
cashmere . hair
cashmeres . hair
casing . skin
casings . skin
cask . pipe
casket . bin
caskets . bin
casks . pipe
cassettes . tape
cassock . bishop
cassocks . bishop
cassonade . candy
caste . degree
caster . disk
casters . disk
castes . degree
castigate . beat
castigated . beat
castigates . beat
castigating . beat
castigation . discipline
castigations . discipline
castile . wash
castled . swap
castles . fort
castling . change
castoff . antique
castoffs . grain
castrate . alter
castrated . fixed
castrates . alter
castrating . alter
casts . casting
casuals . clothing
casualty . blow
casualties . blow
casuist . actor
casuistic . false
casuistical . false
casuistry . lie
casuistries . lie
casuists . actor
catabolism . consumption
catachresis . corruption
cataclysm . collapse
cataclysms . collapse
catacomb . cave
catacombs . cave
catafalque . box
catafalques . box
catalepsy . dream
catalepsies . dream
catalyst . incentive
catalysts . incentive
catalyze . organize
catalyzed . organize
catalyzes . organize
catalyzing . organize
cataloged . documented
cataloging . booking
catalogued . formed
cataloguing . allocation
catamaran . float
catamarans . float
catapulted . fire
catapulting . fire
cataract . flood
cataracted . discharge
cataracts . flood
catastrophe . accident
catastrophes . accident
catatonia . dream
catatonias . dream
catchall . broad
catches . hook
catching . taking
catchword . password
catchwords . password
catechism . exam
catechisms . exam
catechistic . interested
catechize . ask
catechized . ask
catechizes . ask
catechizing . ask
catechumen . student
catechumens . student
categorical . absolute
categorically . actually
categorization . arrangement
categorizations . arrangement
categorize . class
categorized . class
categorizes . class
categorizing . class
catena . group
catenae . group
catenary . arc
catenaries . arc
catenate . attend
catenated . attend
catenates . attend
catenating . attend
catenation . arrangement
cater . baby
catered . baby
caterpillar . butterfly
caterpillars . butterfly
caters . baby
catfight . argument
catharses . release
catharsis . release
cathartic . cleaning
cathartical . cleaning
cathedra . authority
cathedrae . authority
cathedral . temple
cathedrals . temple
catheterize . dry
catheterized . dry
catheterizes . dry
catheterizing . dry
catholicon . cure
catnap . sleep
catnapped . rack
catnapping . rack
catnaps . sleep
catspaws . instrument
catsup . pepper
catsups . pepper
catted . clean
catty . evil
cattycornered . bias
cattier . evil
cattiest . evil
cattiness . abuse
catting . clean
catwalk . bridge
catwalks . bridge
caucus . convention
caucuses . convention
caudate . frog
cauldron . pot
cauldrons . pot
caulk . block
caulked . block
caulking . covering
caulkings . covering
caulks . block
causal . creative
causality . connection
causalities . connection
causation . connection
causations . connection
causative . innovative
causatum . effect
causeless . excessive
causerie . chat
causeries . chat
causeway . hill
causeways . hill
caustic . acid
causticness . criticism
cauterize . burn
cauterized . burn
cauterizes . burn
cauterizing . burn
caution . attention
cautioned . alert
cautioning . attention
cautions . attention
cautious . alert
cautiously . carefully
cautiousness . discretion
cavalcade . array
cavalcades . array
cavalier . superior
cavaliers . lover
cavalry . army
cavalries . army
caveat . alarm
caveats . alarm
caved . agree
caveman . adult
cavern . cave
cavernous . huge
caverns . cave
caves . den
caviar . eggs
caviars . eggs
caving . agree
cavity . basin
cavities . basin
cavort . dance
cavorted . dance
cavorting . dance
cavorts . dance
caw . bay
cawed . cry
cawing . cry
caws . bay
cease . fail
ceased . fail
ceaseless . constant
ceases . fail
ceasing . fail
cedars . wood
cede . communicate
ceded . communicate
ceder . chicken
ceders . chicken
cedes . communicate
ceding . communicate
ceil . cover
ceiled . faced
ceilings . beam
ceils . cover
celeb . distinguished
celebrates . honor
celebrating . honor
celebrations . anniversary
celebratory . happy
celebrious . distinguished
celebs . celebrity
celerity . speed
celerities . speed
celestial . divine
celibate . virgin
celibates . single
cellar . apartment
cellarette . table
cellars . apartment
cellophane . clear
cellule . egg
cellules . egg
celluloid . cinema
cellulose . sugar
celluloses . sugar
cement . sand
cementation . integrity
cemented . seal
cementing . seal
cements . sand
cemeteries . garden
cenobite . religious
cenobites . religious
cenotaph . marker
cenotaphs . marker
censor . delete
censored . delete
censoring . delete
censors . delete
censorship . restriction
censure . blame
censured . discipline
censures . blame
censuring . blame
censused . detail
censuses . poll
censusing . detail
centaur . beast
centaurs . beast
centennial . annual
centennials . celebration
centered . attract
centerfold . attractive
centering . attract
centermost . intermediate
centerpiece . heart
centerpieces . heart
centipede . fly
centipedes . fly
centra . heart
centrales . average
centrality . harmony
centralities . harmony
centralization . concentration
centralize . integrate
centralized . integrate
centralizes . integrate
centralizing . integrate
centrals . average
centric . basic
centriole . heart
centroidal . basic
centrum . heart
centrums . heart
centuplicate . century
centuries . age
centurion . captain
centurions . captain
ceramics . china
cerate . medicine
cerates . medicine
cerberus . supervisor
cercopithecoid . human
cereal . corn
cereals . corn
cerebella . head
cerebellum . head
cerebellums . head
cerebra . head
cerebral . analytical
cerebrate . reason
cerebrated . reason
cerebrates . reason
cerebrating . reason
cerebration . judgment
cerebrations . judgment
cerebrum . head
cerebrums . head
cerecloth . clothing
cerecloths . clothing
cerement . clothing
cerements . clothing
ceremonial . august
ceremonialize . honor
ceremonials . celebration
ceremonies . function
ceremoniously . correctly
ceremoniousness . protocol
cerises . coral
cert . absolutely
certainty . confidence
certainties . confidence
certify . approve
certifiable . mad
certifications . approval
certifier . recorder
certifiers . recorder
certifies . approve
certifying . approve
certitude . assurance
certitudes . assurance
cerulean . blue
cervices . collar
cervix . collar
cervixes . collar
cessation . arrest
cessations . arrest
chacma . monkey
chacmas . monkey
chafe . damage
chafed . damage
chafes . damage
chaff . refuse
chaffed . fun
chaffer . chat
chaffered . chat
chaffering . chat
chaffers . chat
chaffing . refuse
chaffs . refuse
chafing . damage
chagrin . blow
chagrining . blow
chagrinned . blow
chagrinning . blow
chagrins . blow
chained . attach
chainer . frequent
chaining . group
chaired . chair
chairing . chair
chairmen . administrator
chairperson . administrator
chairpersons . administrator
chairwoman . administrator
chairwomen . administrator
chaise . platform
chaises . platform
chalet . cabin
chalets . cabin
chalice . cup
chalices . cup
chalk . cream
chalked . seal
chalking . seal
chalks . cream
challenged . claim
chambered . huge
chambering . harbor
chamberlain . administrator
chamberlains . administrator
chambermaid . girl
chambermaids . girl
chammy . cloth
chammies . cloth
chamois . cloth
chamoix . cloth
champagne . wine
champagnes . wine
champaign . field
champer . exceptional
championed . defend
championing . defend
chancel . temple
chancellor . authority
chancellors . authority
chancels . temple
chanciness . danger
chandelier . crown
chandeliers . crown
chandler . merchant
chandlers . merchant
changeability . anxiety
changeableness . anxiety
changeabout . angle
changeling . backup
changelings . backup
changeover . transition
changeovers . transition
changer . merchant
changers . merchant
channeled . avenue
channeling . carry
channelled . carry
channelling . carry
chant . singing
chanted . carol
chanter . artist
chanters . artist
chanteuse . artist
chanteuses . artist
chanticleer . chicken
chanticleers . chicken
chanting . carol
chantry . church
chantries . church
chants . singing
chaoses . disorder
chap . boy
chaparral . forest
chaparrals . forest
chapeau . cap
chapeaus . cap
chapeaux . cap
chapels . church
chaperon . companion
chaperone . companion
chaperoned . attend
chaperoning . companion
chaperons . companion
chaplain . priest
chaplains . priest
chaplet . band
chaplets . band
chapped . rocky
chaps . boy
charabanc . bus
charabancs . bus
characterful . rich
characteristic . unique
characteristically . commonly
characterization . company
characterizations . company
characterize . define
characterized . define
characterizes . define
characterizing . define
charade . fake
charades . fake
charcoal . coal
charcoaled . grill
charcoaling . grill
charcuterie . restaurant
charcuteries . restaurant
chard . beta
chards . beta
chargers . disc
charging . blame
charily . safely
chariness . care
chariot . automobile
chariots . automobile
charisma . appeal
charismata . appeal
charitableness . charity
charitably . correctly
charities . donation
charlatan . cheat
charlatans . cheat
charlestons . disco
charmed . pleased
charming . attractive
charmingness . charm
charms . appeal
charred . burn
charring . burn
chars . burn
charted . graph
chartered . lease
chartering . code
charters . code
charting . outline
chartings . designing
chartreuse . olive
chased . drive
chasers . lover
chases . hunt
chasing . drive
chasings . illustration
chasm . void
chasmal . huge
chasms . void
chasseur . army
chasseurs . army
chassis . frame
chastely . simply
chasten . cow
chastened . cow
chasteness . determination
chastening . cow
chastens . cow
chastise . beat
chastised . beat
chastisement . criticism
chastises . beat
chastising . beat
chastity . honor
chastities . honor
chateau . castle
chateaus . castle
chateaux . castle
chatelaine . sugar
chatelaines . sugar
chatoyant . bright
chats . conversation
chattel . capital
chattels . capital
chatter . chat
chattered . chat
chattering . chat
chatters . chat
chatty . friendly
chattier . friendly
chattiest . friendly
chauffeured . carry
chauffeuring . carry
cheapen . mar
cheapened . mar
cheapening . mar
cheapens . mar
cheaply . reasonably
cheapo . competitive
checker . controller
checkerboard . chain
checkerboards . chain
checkers . controller
checklist . account
checklists . account
checkmate . corner
checkmated . corner
checkmates . corner
checkmating . corner
checkup . inspection
checkups . inspection
cheeky . bold
cheekier . bold
cheekiest . bold
cheekiness . face
cheep . chip
cheeped . chip
cheeping . chip
cheeps . chip
cheer . joy
cheered . comfort
cheerful . animated
cheerfulness . animation
cheery . bright
cheerier . bright
cheeriest . bright
cheeriness . animation
cheerleader . champion
cheerleaders . champion
cheesed . angle
cheeses . figure
cheesing . angle
cheetah . lion
cheetahs . lion
chemise . dress
chemises . dress
chemisette . dress
chemist . analyst
chemistries . institution
chemists . analyst
chemotherapy . radiation
chemotherapies . radiation
cheque . bill
cheques . bill
cher . beautiful
cherish . appreciate
cherished . appreciate
cherishes . appreciate
cherishing . appreciate
cheroot . smoke
cheroots . smoke
cherries . coral
chersonese . arm
cherub . baby
cherubim . baby
cherubs . baby
chesterfield . bench
chesterfields . bench
chesty . bold
chestier . bold
chestiest . bold
chestnut . copper
chestnuts . humor
chests . trunk
chevalier . knight
chevaliers . knight
chiaroscuro . cloudy
chic . elegant
chicane . cheat
chicaned . avoid
chicanery . dodge
chicaneries . dodge
chicanes . cheat
chicaning . avoid
chicer . elegant
chicest . elegant
chichis . grace
chics . fashion
chid . blame
chidden . blame
chide . blame
chided . blame
chides . blame
chiding . blame
chiefer . leading
chiefest . leading
chiefly . especially
chiefs . leading
chieftain . boss
chieftains . boss
chiffer . figure
chiffon . pure
chiffonier . bureau
chiffoniers . bureau
chignon . twist
chignons . twist
childbearing . pregnancy
childbed . delivery
childbeds . delivery
childbirth . delivery
childbirths . delivery
childhoods . minority
chiliad . millennium
chiliads . millennium
chill . arctic
chilled . cool
chiller . arctic
chillers . problem
chillest . arctic
chilly . cool
chillier . cool
chilliest . cool
chime . bell
chimed . bell
chimera . bubble
chimeras . bubble
chimes . bell
chymify . eat
chymified . eat
chymifying . eat
chiming . bell
chimney . pipe
chimneys . pipe
chin . button
chinas . porcelain
chinchilla . doe
chinchillas . doe
chine . hill
chined . rip
chines . hill
chinfest . chat
chining . rip
chink . crack
chinked . crack
chinkle . ring
chinks . crack
chinned . deliver
chinning . deliver
chino . shorts
chinook . air
chinooks . air
chinos . shorts
chins . button
chipped . crack
chippered . chip
chippering . chip
chippers . chip
chipping . crack
chirography . writing
chirp . call
chirped . call
chirpy . pleasant
chirpier . pleasant
chirpiest . pleasant
chirping . call
chirps . call
chirr . scratch
chirred . scratch
chirring . scratch
chirrs . scratch
chirrup . chuck
chirrups . chuck
chisel . blade
chiseled . sculpture
chiseler . fake
chiselers . fake
chiseling . blade
chiselled . sculpture
chiselling . blade
chisels . blade
chit . check
chitchat . conversation
chitchats . conversation
chitchatted . chat
chits . check
chiv . split
chivalry . courtesy
chivalries . courtesy
chivy . seek
chivied . seek
chivies . seek
chivying . seek
chivvy . chase
chivvied . chase
chivvies . chase
chivvying . chase
chloroform . kill
chloroformed . check
chloroforming . check
chloroforms . kill
choate . aggregate
chock . arranged
chockablock . loaded
chocked . carry
chocker . arranged
chocking . carry
chocks . block
chocolates . candy
choiceness . quality
choicer . excellent
choicest . excellent
choicy . nice
choicier . nice
choiciest . nice
choired . wait
choiring . wait
choke . fill
choked . fill
choker . bracelet
chokers . bracelet
chokes . fill
choky . tight
chokier . tight
chokiest . tight
choking . fill
choler . anger
cholers . anger
chooses . accept
chop . cube
chophouse . bar
chophouses . bar
chopped . cube
choppy . rough
choppier . rough
choppiest . rough
chopping . cube
chops . cube
chorale . verse
chorales . verse
choralist . artist
chorals . carol
chord . arc
chords . arc
chore . assignment
choreography . dance
chores . assignment
chorister . artist
choristers . artist
chortler . fit
chorused . carol
choruses . voices
chorusing . carol
chorusses . carol
chouse . con
choused . con
chouses . con
chousing . con
chow . meal
chowder . bowl
chowders . bowl
chows . meal
chrestomathy . classics
chrestomathies . classics
chrysalides . evolution
chrysalis . evolution
chrysalises . evolution
chrism . cream
chrisms . cream
christen . call
christened . call
christening . call
christens . call
chroma . color
chromas . color
chromatic . bright
chromaticity . intensity
chromatism . intensity
chromed . bronze
chroming . bronze
chromism . intensity
chromosome . gene
chromosomes . gene
chronicled . relate
chronicler . recorder
chroniclers . recorder
chronicling . relate
chronograph . calendar
chronographic . historical
chronographs . calendar
chronology . account
chronologic . historical
chronological . historical
chronologies . account
chronometer . clock
chronometers . clock
chronometric . historical
chronometrical . historical
chronoscope . calendar
chronoscopic . historical
chthonian . lower
chthonic . domestic
chubbiness . bulk
chucked . can
chucking . can
chuckle . laugh
chuckled . laugh
chuckler . fit
chuckles . laugh
chuckling . laugh
chucks . can
chuffed . blow
chuffing . blow
chug . down
chugalug . drink
chugalugged . drink
chugalugging . drink
chugalugs . drink
chugged . down
chugging . down
chugs . down
chum . buddy
chummed . angle
chumminess . fellowship
chumming . angle
chump . fool
chumps . fool
chums . buddy
chunk . block
chunked . cast
chunky . chubby
chunkier . chubby
chunkiest . chubby
chunkiness . bulk
chunking . cast
chunks . block
churchgoer . church
churchgoers . church
churchgoing . holy
churchman . bishop
churchmen . bishop
churl . beast
churlishness . difficulty
churls . beast
churn . bubble
churned . bubble
churning . bubble
churns . bubble
churr . chuck
churrs . chuck
chute . channel
chutes . channel
chutzpah . brass
chutzpahs . brass
cybernated . automated
cybernetics . automation
cyborg . automation
cyborgs . automation
cicatrice . hurt
cicatrices . hurt
cicatrix . hurt
cicerone . guide
cicerones . guide
ciceroni . guide
ciceronianism . balance
ciceronianisms . balance
cycled . cycle
cyclical . periodic
cyclically . always
cyclonic . hurricane
cyclopedia . evidence
cyclopedias . evidence
cyclopes . giant
cyclops . bulk
cig . exhaust
cigar . smoke
cigarette . smoke
cigarettes . smoke
cigars . smoke
cilia . grain
ciliate . cell
ciliates . cell
cilium . fiber
cymbal . alarm
cymbals . alarm
cinch . snap
cincher . available
cinches . snap
cinching . assure
cincture . belt
cinctures . belt
cine . cinema
cinemas . film
cinematic . visual
cinematics . cinema
cinematize . capture
cinematized . capture
cinematizing . capture
cinematograph . cinema
cinerator . burner
cinereal . grey
cines . cinema
cynicism . doubt
cynicisms . doubt
cinnamon . amber
cynosure . beauty
cynosures . beauty
cipher . blank
ciphered . blank
ciphering . break
ciphers . blank
circadian . constantly
circinate . round
circled . belt
circles . ring
circlet . band
circlets . band
circling . belt
circuitry . chip
circuits . course
circularize . announce
circularized . announce
circularizes . announce
circularizing . announce
circulars . round
circulate . broadcast
circulated . broadcast
circulates . broadcast
circulating . moving
circulations . currency
circulator . t
circulatory . moving
circulators . t
circum . rotation
circumambulate . cover
circumambulated . cover
circumambulates . cover
circumambulating . cover
circumbendibus . branch
circumbendibuses . branch
circumduct . cancel
circumducted . cancel
circumference . border
circumferences . border
circumgyration . path
circumlocute . dodge
circumlocutory . implied
circumnavigate . circle
circumnavigated . circle
circumnavigates . circle
circumnavigating . circle
circumnavigation . course
circumnavigations . course
circumnavigator . marine
circumnutate . cruise
circumnutated . cruise
circumnutating . cruise
circumrotation . circle
circumscribe . bar
circumscribed . bar
circumscribes . bar
circumscribing . bar
circumscription . check
circumscriptions . check
circumspect . careful
circumspection . discretion
circumspectly . correctly
circumstance . accident
circumstanced . break
circumstancing . break
circumstantial . indirect
circumstantiality . article
circumstantialities . article
circumstantiate . catalog
circumstantiated . accurate
circumstantiates . catalog
circumstantiating . catalog
circumvent . avoid
circumvented . avoid
circumventing . avoid
circumvents . avoid
circumvolution . circulation
circumvolve . circle
circumvolved . circle
circumvolving . circle
circus . festival
circuses . festival
cirque . band
cirques . band
cyst . bag
cistern . pond
cisterna . pond
cisternae . pond
cisterns . pond
cysts . bag
citadel . castle
citadels . castle
cites . indicate
citing . indicate
cityscape . art
cityscapes . art
citizenize . free
citizenized . free
citizenizing . free
citizenry . community
citizenries . community
citizenship . community
cytology . anatomy
cytologies . anatomy
civ . citizen
civet . lion
civets . lion
civics . government
civilian . private
civilians . citizen
civility . courtesy
civilities . courtesy
civilization . development
civilizations . development
civilize . refine
civilized . civil
civilizes . refine
civvies . apparel
clabber . turn
clabbered . deep
clabbering . add
clabbers . turn
clad . covered
cladding . covering
claddings . covering
clads . array
claimant . applicant
claimants . applicant
claimer . applicant
claimers . applicant
claiming . ask
claymore . blade
claymores . blade
clairvoyance . feeling
clairvoyances . feeling
clairvoyancy . prediction
clairvoyancies . prediction
clays . brick
clambake . association
clambakes . association
clamber . scale
clambered . scale
clambering . scale
clambers . scale
clammed . quiet
clamminess . humidity
clamming . quiet
clamor . buzz
clamored . buzz
clamoring . buzz
clamors . buzz
clamp . catch
clampdown . restriction
clamped . catch
clamping . catch
clamps . catch
clan . band
clandestine . hidden
clang . noise
clanged . sound
clanging . sharp
clangor . noise
clangors . noise
clangs . noise
clank . bang
clanked . bang
clanking . bang
clanks . bang
clans . band
clap . bang
clapped . bang
clapper . fan
clapperclaw . hook
clappers . fan
clapping . bang
claps . bang
clarets . coral
clarify . analyze
clarification . description
clarifications . description
clarified . analyze
clarifies . analyze
clarifying . analyze
clarion . sharp
clarities . accuracy
claro . smoke
claros . smoke
clash . argument
clashed . argument
clashes . argument
clasp . catch
clasped . attack
clasping . attack
clasps . catch
claspt . catch
classed . account
classer . fine
classy . elegant
classicalism . balance
classicality . clarity
classicalities . clarity
classicism . balance
classicistic . classic
classier . elegant
classiest . elegant
classify . analyze
classifications . allocation
classificatory . detailed
classifies . analyze
classifying . analyze
classing . fine
classmate . bride
classmates . bride
classrooms . hall
clattered . bang
claudicant . slow
clauses . article
claustrophobic . limited
clave . crack
claviature . console
clavichord . instrument
clavichords . instrument
clavier . console
claviers . console
claviger . supervisor
claw . hook
clawed . hook
clawing . dig
claws . hook
cleaned . brush
cleanest . blank
cleanhanded . honest
cleanings . washing
cleanlier . correct
cleanliest . correct
cleanness . clarity
cleans . blank
cleanse . restore
cleansed . restore
cleanser . soap
cleansers . soap
cleanses . restore
cleansing . restore
clearances . approval
cleared . empty
clearer . fair
clearest . fair
clearing . clearance
clearings . clearance
clearness . clarity
clears . fair
clearsighted . careful
cleat . bit
cleats . bit
cleavage . break
cleavages . break
cleave . crack
cleaved . crack
cleaver . knife
cleavers . knife
cleaves . crack
cleaving . crack
cleek . driver
cleeks . driver
clef . design
clefs . design
cleft . broken
clefts . broken
clemency . charity
clemencies . charity
clench . contract
clenched . contract
clenches . contract
clenching . contract
clepsydra . calendar
clepsydrae . calendar
clepsydras . calendar
clergyman . bishop
clergymen . bishop
cleric . minister
clericals . bishop
clerics . minister
clerks . agent
cleverness . ability
clicked . bang
clicks . bang
clientage . buying
clientele . audience
clienteles . audience
clientry . audience
cliff . wall
cliffs . wall
climacteric . acute
climacterics . acute
climactically . basically
climates . humidity
climatize . qualify
climax . head
climaxed . head
climaxes . head
climaxing . head
climb . mount
climbed . mount
climbs . mount
clime . climate
climes . climate
clinch . assure
clinched . assure
clincher . closer
clinchers . closer
clinches . assure
clinching . assure
cling . continue
clings . continue
clinician . doctor
clinicians . doctor
clink . sound
clinked . sound
clinkers . bracelet
clinking . sound
clinks . sound
clipped . trim
clipper . boat
clippers . boat
clipping . cutting
clippings . cutting
clipt . trim
clique . gang
cliques . gang
cliquish . accessory
cloak . mask
cloaking . mask
cloaks . mask
clobber . belt
clobbered . belt
clobbering . belt
clobbers . belt
clocher . head
clocked . audit
clocker . clock
clocking . audit
clocklike . close
clockwork . accuracy
clockworks . accuracy
clod . fool
clodhopper . boot
clodpate . fool
clodpates . fool
clodpoll . country
clodpolls . country
clods . fool
clog . bar
clogged . fill
clogging . bar
clogs . bar
cloy . fill
cloyed . fill
cloys . fill
cloisonne . finish
cloister . cell
cloistered . hidden
cloistering . cover
cloisters . cell
cloistral . hidden
clomp . pound
clomped . pound
clomping . pound
clomps . pound
cloned . reproduction
cloner . carbon
clones . reproduction
cloning . copy
clonk . bang
clonks . bang
clop . pound
clopped . pound
clopping . pound
clops . pound
closedown . closure
closelipped . hidden
closeness . density
closenesses . density
closeout . auction
closeouts . auction
closers . ace
closes . adjacent
closet . cabinet
closeted . commit
closeting . front
closets . cabinet
closeup . image
closeups . image
closings . final
closures . closing
clot . array
clothe . dress
clothed . covered
clothesline . fiction
clotheslines . fiction
cloths . cotton
clots . array
clotted . gel
clotting . gel
cloudburst . storm
cloudbursts . storm
clouded . concerned
cloudier . dark
cloudiest . dark
cloudiness . uncertainty
clouding . darkness
clough . void
cloughs . void
clout . influence
clouted . influence
clouting . influence
clouts . influence
clove . crack
cloven . crack
clover . benefit
cloverleaf . crossing
cloverleafs . crossing
cloverleaves . crossing
clovers . benefit
cloves . canyon
clown . comic
clowned . comic
clowning . comic
clowns . comic
clubbed . beat
clubber . assistant
clubbers . assistant
clubby . confidential
clubbier . confidential
clubbiest . confidential
clubbing . business
clubhouse . bank
clubhouses . bank
cluck . chuck
clucked . chuck
clucking . chuck
clucks . chuck
clue . key
clued . key
clueless . lost
clues . key
cluing . key
clump . bundle
clumped . bundle
clumping . bundle
clumps . bundle
clunch . brick
clung . continue
clunk . pound
clunked . pound
clunker . heavy
clunking . pound
clunks . pound
clustered . bundle
clustering . bundle
clusterings . combination
clusters . array
clutch . connection
clutched . grip
clutches . control
clutching . grip
clutter . confusion
cluttering . confusion
clutters . confusion
coached . teach
coachman . operator
coachmen . operator
coact . participate
coacted . participate
coaction . collaboration
coactions . collaboration
coacts . participate
coadjute . band
coadjutor . associate
coadjutors . associate
coadjuvancy . aid
coadunate . consolidated
coadunated . tie
coadunating . tie
coadunation . combination
coagment . associate
coagulate . compact
coagulated . compact
coagulates . compact
coagulating . compact
coagulation . concentration
coagulations . concentration
coaler . coal
coalesce . integrate
coalesced . integrate
coalescence . fusion
coalescent . joining
coalesces . integrate
coalescing . integrate
coalitions . alliance
coals . ash
coarse . dirty
coarser . dirty
coarsest . dirty
coasted . bank
coaster . plate
coasters . plate
coasting . cruise
coastland . bank
coastline . bank
coastlines . bank
coasts . bank
coated . cover
coating . coat
coatings . coat
coats . leather
coax . con
coaxed . con
coaxes . con
coaxial . cord
coaxing . con
cob . producer
cobalt . navy
cobbed . beat
cobber . associate
cobbers . associate
cobbing . beat
cobble . complete
cobbled . complete
cobbles . complete
cobblestone . avenue
cobblestoned . brick
cobblestones . avenue
cobbling . complete
cobra . asp
cobras . asp
cobs . producer
cobweb . fiber
cobwebby . pure
cobwebs . fiber
cocaine . crack
cocaines . crack
cochlear . circular
cock . chicken
cockalorum . chick
cockamamie . crazy
cockcrow . morning
cockcrowing . morning
cockcrows . morning
cocked . peter
cockerel . chick
cockerels . chick
cocky . confident
cockiness . brass
cocking . chicken
cockled . contract
cockling . contract
cockpit . cabin
cockpits . cabin
cockroach . bee
cockroaches . bee
cocks . chicken
cockscomb . ridge
cockscombs . ridge
cockswain . mate
cocktail . drink
cocktails . drink
cocoa . amber
coconspirator . aid
coconut . brain
coconuts . brain
cocoon . pad
cocooned . pad
cocooning . pad
cocoons . pad
coddle . baby
coddled . baby
coddles . baby
coddling . baby
coded . arrange
codeine . drug
codeines . drug
codex . album
codger . fellow
codgers . fellow
codices . album
codicil . addition
codicils . addition
codify . arrange
codification . act
codifications . act
codified . arrange
codifies . arrange
codifying . arrange
coed . junior
coeds . junior
coelenterate . tumor
coelenterates . tumor
coequality . balance
coequally . fairly
coerce . cow
coerced . cow
coercer . tough
coercers . tough
coerces . cow
coercing . cow
coercion . force
coercions . force
coercive . violent
coercively . effectively
coetaneousness . harmony
coevality . harmony
coexistence . harmony
coextending . coordinate
coextensive . comparable
coffees . ink
coffer . treasury
coffers . treasury
cofunction . participate
cog . differential
cogency . bearing
cogencies . bearing
cogener . analog
cogent . telling
cogently . completely
cogitate . consider
cogitated . consider
cogitates . consider
cogitating . consider
cogitation . consideration
cogitations . consideration
cognac . alcohol
cognacs . alcohol
cognate . general
cognates . father
cognition . attention
cognizability . accuracy
cognizable . distinct
cognizance . attention
cognizant . informed
cognize . appreciate
cognized . appreciate
cognizes . appreciate
cognizing . appreciate
cognomen . handle
cognomens . handle
cognomina . handle
cognominate . call
cognominated . call
cognoscente . expert
cognoscenti . expert
cogs . differential
cogwheel . differential
cogwheels . differential
cohabit . couple
cohabited . couple
cohabiting . couple
cohabits . couple
cohere . associate
cohered . associate
coherence . integrity
coherent . consistent
coheres . associate
cohering . associate
cohesion . attachment
cohesions . attachment
cohesive . united
cohort . companion
cohorts . companion
coif . hat
coiffed . cut
coiffure . flip
coiffures . flip
coifs . hat
coil . circle
coiling . circle
coils . circle
coincide . agree
coincided . agree
coincidence . accordance
coincidences . accordance
coincidentally . accordingly
coincides . agree
coinciding . agree
coined . frame
coiner . architect
coiners . architect
coyness . reserve
coynesses . reserve
coining . bread
coyote . fox
coyotes . fox
coition . relations
coitions . relations
coitus . congress
coituses . congress
cojoin . associate
cojuror . actor
coke . cast
cokes . cast
coldbloodedness . lack
colder . cool
coldest . cool
coldish . arctic
colds . cool
colic . pain
colics . pain
coliseum . bowl
coliseums . bowl
coll . attack
collaborate . participate
collaborated . participate
collaborates . participate
collaborating . participate
collaborations . association
collaborator . assistant
collaborators . assistant
collapsed . break
collapses . bankruptcy
collapsing . break
collard . cole
collate . collect
collated . collect
collateral . accessory
collaterals . accessory
collates . collect
collating . collect
collation . comparison
collations . comparison
colleague . assistant
colleagued . tend
colleaguing . tend
collectanea . combination
collectedly . easily
collectible . expensive
collectively . accordingly
collectiveness . aggregate
collectives . collective
collectivity . entity
collectivities . entity
collectivization . arrangement
collectors . representative
collects . compile
colleen . female
colleens . female
collegian . doctor
collegians . doctor
collegiate . intellectual
collide . bang
collided . bang
collides . bang
colliding . bang
colligate . arrange
colligated . arrange
colligating . arrange
collimate . agree
collimated . agree
collimates . agree
collimating . agree
collinear . short
colling . attack
collision . blow
collisions . blow
collocate . collect
collocated . collect
collocates . collect
collocating . collect
collogue . argue
collogued . argue
collogues . argue
colloguing . argue
colloquy . chat
colloquia . discussion
colloquialism . expression
colloquialisms . expression
colloquies . chat
colloquium . discussion
colloquiums . discussion
collude . plot
colluded . plot
colludes . plot
colluding . plot
collusion . craft
cologne . fragrance
colognes . fragrance
colony . province
colonials . colonial
colonies . province
colonist . colonial
colonists . colonial
colonization . establishment
colonizations . establishment
colonize . found
colonized . found
colonizer . developer
colonizers . developer
colonizes . found
colonizing . found
colonnade . arcade
colonnades . arcade
colophon . label
colophons . label
colorant . oil
colorants . oil
coloration . tone
colorations . tone
coloraturas . singer
colorcast . air
colorcasting . air
colorcasts . air
colorful . bright
colorfulness . animation
coloring . quality
colorings . quality
colorlessness . routine
colossal . huge
colossi . giant
colossus . giant
colossuses . giant
colporteur . seller
colporteurs . seller
colter . bold
columniation . arcade
columnist . reporter
colure . band
colures . band
coma . trance
comae . trance
comas . trance
comate . associate
comates . associate
comb . adjust
combatant . enemy
combatants . enemy
combated . fight
combating . fight
combatively . strongly
combats . action
combatted . action
combatting . action
combe . canyon
combed . adjust
comber . flood
combers . flood
combes . canyon
combinations . combo
combines . associate
combing . adjust
combining . connecting
combos . collection
combs . adjust
combust . flame
combusted . flame
combustibles . electricity
combusting . flame
combusts . flame
comeback . improvement
comebacker . roller
comebacks . improvement
comedian . actor
comedians . actor
comedic . comic
comedical . comic
comedienne . laugh
comediennes . laugh
comedies . fun
comedown . blow
comedowns . blow
comeliness . grace
comestible . provisions
comeuppance . due
comeuppances . due
comfy . soft
comfier . soft
comfiest . soft
comfit . candy
comfits . candy
comfortably . easily
comforted . console
comforter . friend
comforters . friend
comforting . encouraging
comforts . convenience
comical . comic
comicality . comedy
comically . extremely
comings . anticipated
comity . feeling
comities . feeling
comma . interval
commandant . administrator
commandants . administrator
commanded . direct
commandeer . annex
commandeered . annex
commandeering . annex
commandeers . annex
commanders . administrator
commanding . dominant
commandment . order
commandments . order
commando . guard
commandoes . guard
commandos . guard
commas . interval
commeasure . adjust
commeasured . adjust
commeasuring . adjust
commemorate . celebrate
commemorated . celebrate
commemorates . celebrate
commemorating . celebrate
commemoration . celebration
commemorations . celebration
commemorative . memorial
commence . begin
commenced . begin
commencement . graduation
commencements . graduation
commences . begin
commencing . begin
commend . approve
commendable . excellent
commendably . carefully
commendation . approval
commendations . approval
commended . approve
commending . approve
commends . approve
commensurably . equally
commensurate . comparable
commensurately . equally
commensurateness . capacity
commentaries . comment
commentate . describe
commentated . describe
commentating . describe
commentator . analyst
commentators . analyst
commented . explain
commenting . commentary
commerces . business
commercialism . deal
commercialize . advertise
commercialized . advertise
commercializes . advertise
commercializing . advertise
commercials . commercial
commie . red
commies . red
comminate . abuse
comminated . abuse
comminating . abuse
comminatory . aggressive
commingle . combine
commingled . combine
commingles . combine
commingling . combine
comminute . pound
comminuted . pound
comminuting . pound
commiserable . sorry
commiserate . console
commiserated . console
commiserates . console
commiserating . console
commissary . agent
commissaries . agent
commissionaire . courier
commissioned . assign
commissioners . administrator
commissioning . assign
commissions . agency
commitments . engagement
commits . act
committal . charge
committals . charge
committing . act
commix . blend
commixed . blend
commixes . blend
commixing . blend
commixture . blend
commode . bathroom
commodes . bathroom
commodious . convenient
commodiously . generally
commodity . asset
commodities . asset
commonage . cooperative
commonality . common
commonalities . common
commonalty . common
commonalties . common
commoner . citizen
commoners . citizen
commonest . accepted
commonition . advice
commonness . extent
commonplace . normal
commonplaceness . routine
commonplaces . normal
commonsense . practical
commonwealths . federation
commorancy . cave
commorancies . cave
commotion . confusion
commotions . confusion
commove . affect
commoved . affect
commoves . affect
commoving . dangerous
communalize . associate
communalized . associate
communalizing . associate
commune . cooperative
communed . cooperative
communes . cooperative
communicability . bug
communicated . advertise
communicates . advertise
communicating . advertise
communing . discuss
communion . association
communions . association
communique . directive
communiques . directive
communist . red
communistic . accepted
communists . red
communize . adjust
communized . adjust
communizing . adjust
commutable . compatible
commutated . replaced
commutation . compensation
commutations . compensation
commute . drive
commuted . drive
commuter . driver
commuters . driver
commutes . drive
commuting . drive
commutual . accepted
compacted . combine
compacting . solid
compactness . concentration
compacts . solid
companied . assembly
companying . assembly
companionability . fellowship
companionably . accordingly
companionate . allocation
companioned . companion
companioning . companion
companions . assistant
companionship . alliance
companionway . steps
companionways . steps
comparability . comparison
comparableness . image
comparably . almost
compares . analyze
compartment . cell
compartmentalize . assign
compartmentalized . assign
compartmentalizes . assign
compartmentalizing . assign
compartments . cell
compass . area
compassed . area
compasses . area
compassing . area
compassion . grace
compassionate . warm
compassionated . agree
compassionateness . charity
compassionating . agree
compatibilities . unity
compatriot . national
compatriots . national
comped . balance
compeer . associate
compeers . associate
compel . exact
compellation . brand
compelled . exact
compels . exact
compend . decrease
compendia . abstract
compendium . abstract
compendiums . abstract
compends . decrease
compensate . pay
compensated . pay
compensates . pay
compensating . balanced
compensations . benefit
compere . moderator
comperes . moderator
competed . battle
competence . capability
competency . capability
competencies . capability
competent . adequate
competes . battle
competing . battle
competitor . competition
compilations . collection
compilers . authority
compiles . arrange
compiling . arrange
comping . balance
complacence . pride
complacency . satisfaction
complacencies . satisfaction
complacent . confident
complain . disagree
complainant . plaintiff
complainants . plaintiff
complained . disagree
complains . disagree
complaisance . compliance
complanate . empty
complect . construct
complected . construct
complecting . construct
complects . construct
complement . addition
complementary . integral
complemented . achieve
complementing . achieve
complements . addition
completeness . integrity
completes . achieve
completions . achievement
completory . integral
complexes . compound
complexion . skin
complexioned . shade
complexions . skin
complexities . involvement
compliances . consent
compliancy . compliance
compliancies . compliance
complicate . involve
complicates . involve
complicating . involve
complication . complexity
complicity . collaboration
complicities . collaboration
complied . observe
complies . observe
complying . observe
compliment . courtesy
complimented . celebrate
complimenting . celebrate
compliments . courtesy
complot . collaboration
complots . collaboration
complotted . tend
complotting . tend
comport . check
comported . check
comporting . check
comportment . actions
comports . check
compose . build
composers . writer
composes . build
composing . build
composites . complex
compositions . architecture
compositor . publisher
compositors . publisher
composted . breed
composting . breed
composure . assurance
compotation . blind
compounded . associate
compounding . associate
comprehend . appreciate
comprehended . appreciate
comprehending . appreciate
comprehendingly . reasonably
comprehends . appreciate
comprehensibility . accuracy
comprehensible . explicit
comprehension . awareness
comprehensively . generally
comprehensiveness . capacity
compress . wrap
compresses . wrap
compressing . wrap
comprisal . formation
comprise . constitute
comprised . constitute
comprises . constitute
comprising . constitute
compromise . accommodation
compromised . agree
compromiser . judge
compromisers . judge
compromises . accommodation
compromising . agree
comps . ticket
comptroller . administrator
comptrollers . administrator
compulsatory . binding
compulsion . demand
compulsions . demand
compulsory . forced
compunction . ruth
compunctions . ruth
compurgation . release
compurgator . actor
computation . calculation
computations . calculation
computative . analytical
compute . gauge
computed . gauge
computerize . load
computerized . automated
computerizes . load
computerizing . load
computes . gauge
comrade . buddy
comrades . buddy
comradeship . fellowship
concatenate . chain
concatenated . chain
concatenates . chain
concatenating . chain
concatenation . chain
concatenations . chain
concaved . bend
concaves . bend
concaving . bend
concavity . hole
concavities . hole
conceal . cover
concealed . buried
concealing . cover
concealment . blind
conceals . cover
concede . accept
conceded . accept
concedes . accept
conceding . accept
conceit . pride
conceitedness . pride
conceits . pride
conceivability . chance
conceivably . perhaps
conceive . accept
conceived . accept
conceives . accept
conceiving . accept
concenter . bring
concentered . bring
concentering . bring
concentrate . apply
concentrated . fixed
concentrates . apply
concentrating . apply
concentric . parallel
concentus . arrangement
conception . appreciation
conceptions . appreciation
conceptive . analytical
conceptual . theoretical
conceptualization . approach
conceptualizations . approach
concerted . united
concertedly . closely
concerti . arrangement
concerting . construct
concerto . arrangement
concertos . arrangement
concession . admission
concessions . admission
concierge . porter
concierges . porter
conciliate . satisfy
conciliated . satisfy
conciliates . satisfy
conciliating . satisfy
conciliation . resolution
conciliations . resolution
conciliator . authority
conciliators . authority
concinnity . arrangement
concinnities . arrangement
conciseness . economy
concision . economy
conclave . assembly
conclaves . assembly
conclude . achieve
concludes . achieve
concluding . closing
conclusive . precise
conclusiveness . assurance
concoct . create
concocted . create
concocting . create
concoction . mixture
concoctions . mixture
concocts . create
concomitance . union
concomitant . accessory
concomitantly . accordingly
concord . agreement
concordance . accordance
concordances . accordance
concordat . arrangement
concordats . arrangement
concords . agreement
concours . championship
concourse . lounge
concourses . lounge
concreted . tie
concretely . clearly
concreteness . existence
concretes . road
concreting . tie
concretion . consolidation
concretions . consolidation
concretize . complete
concretized . complete
concretizing . complete
concubine . mistress
concubines . mistress
concupiscence . desire
concur . band
concurred . band
concurrency . compatibility
concurrencies . compatibility
concurring . band
concurs . band
concuss . cause
concussed . cause
concusses . cause
concussing . cause
concussion . injury
concussions . injury
condemn . sentence
condemnation . judgment
condemnations . judgment
condemning . sentence
condemns . sentence
condensate . precipitation
condensates . precipitation
condensation . abstract
condensations . abstract
condense . compact
condensed . brief
condenses . compact
condensing . compact
condescend . accommodate
condescended . accommodate
condescends . accommodate
condiment . pepper
condiments . pepper
conditional . limited
conditioned . learned
conditioner . boost
conditioners . boost
condo . cabin
condole . comfort
condoled . comfort
condolement . charity
condolence . comfort
condolences . comfort
condoles . comfort
condoling . comfort
condom . johnny
condominium . apartment
condominiums . apartment
condoms . johnny
condonable . acceptable
condonance . acceptance
condonation . release
condonations . release
condone . forget
condoned . forget
condones . forget
condos . cabin
conduce . advance
conduced . advance
conduces . advance
conducing . advance
conducive . helpful
conductance . broadcast
conductances . broadcast
conduction . administration
conductivity . electricity
conductivities . electricity
conductor . director
conductors . director
conducts . charge
conduit . pipe
conduits . pipe
coner . adverse
confab . chat
confabbed . chat
confabbing . chat
confabs . chat
confabulate . chat
confabulated . chat
confabulates . chat
confabulating . chat
confabulation . chat
confabulations . chat
confection . cake
confections . cake
confederacy . alliance
confederacies . alliance
confederate . associated
confederated . consolidated
confederates . associated
confederating . band
confederation . alliance
confederations . alliance
confer . advise
conferee . delivery
conferees . delivery
conferment . presentation
conferral . presentation
conferred . advise
conferrer . angel
conferrers . angel
conferring . consulting
confers . advise
confess . prove
confessed . prove
confesses . prove
confessing . prove
confession . admission
confessions . admission
confessor . priest
confessors . priest
confetti . cream
confidant . companion
confidante . companion
confidantes . companion
confidants . companion
confide . admit
confided . admit
confidences . assurance
confides . admit
confiding . admit
configurated . defined
configurating . zoning
configurations . composition
configures . construct
configuring . construct
confine . jail
confined . restricted
confinement . custody
confinements . custody
confines . borders
confirmations . acceptance
confirmative . positive
confirmatory . accessory
confirmedly . absolutely
confirming . approve
confirms . approve
confiscate . appropriate
confiscated . appropriate
confiscates . appropriate
confiscating . appropriate
confisticating . appropriate
confit . sweet
confiture . extract
conflagrate . char
conflagrated . char
conflagrating . char
conflagration . burning
conflagrations . burning
conflate . blend
conflated . blend
conflating . blend
conflation . fusion
conflicted . differ
conflicting . adverse
confluence . junction
confluences . junction
confluent . joining
conflux . conjunction
confluxes . conjunction
conform . accommodate
conformability . accordance
conformably . equally
conformance . accordance
conformant . applicable
conformation . anatomy
conformations . anatomy
conformed . accommodate
conformist . sheep
conformists . sheep
conformity . consent
conformities . consent
conforms . accommodate
confound . puzzle
confounding . puzzle
confoundment . confusion
confounds . puzzle
confrere . affiliate
confreres . affiliate
confront . encounter
confrontation . battle
confrontational . adverse
confrontations . battle
confronted . encounter
confronting . meeting
confronts . encounter
confuse . involve
confusedness . chaos
confuses . involve
confusing . complex
confutation . reply
confutations . reply
confute . break
confuted . break
confutes . break
confuting . break
conga . disco
congas . disco
conge . escape
congeal . cake
congealed . cake
congealing . cake
congeals . cake
congelation . concentration
congenator . analog
congener . analog
congeneric . incident
congenerous . comparable
congeners . analog
congenial . pleasant
congenitally . naturally
congeries . collection
conges . escape
congest . block
congested . closed
congesting . block
congestion . excess
congestions . excess
congests . block
conglomerate . mixed
conglomerated . compact
conglomerates . mixed
conglomerating . blend
conglomeration . aggregate
conglomerations . aggregate
conglutination . array
congratulate . praise
congratulated . praise
congratulates . praise
congratulating . praise
congratulation . praise
congratulations . greetings
congregate . gather
congregated . gather
congregates . gather
congregating . gather
congregation . audience
congregations . audience
congressed . collect
congresses . assembly
congressing . collect
congruence . accordance
congruences . accordance
congruency . accordance
congruencies . accordance
congruousness . accordance
cony . doe
conies . doe
conifer . cedar
conifers . cedar
conjecturable . acceptable
conjecture . conclusion
conjectured . assume
conjectures . conclusion
conjecturing . assume
conjoin . associate
conjoined . associate
conjoining . associate
conjoins . associate
conjointment . partnership
conjugate . associate
conjugated . associate
conjugates . associate
conjugating . associate
conjugation . fusion
conjugations . fusion
conjunct . collective
conjunctions . partnership
conjunctive . consolidated
conjuncture . bend
conjunctures . bend
conjuration . charm
conjurations . charm
conjure . ask
conjured . ask
conjurer . wizard
conjurers . wizard
conjures . ask
conjury . power
conjuring . ask
conjuror . wizard
conjurors . wizard
conk . fail
conked . fail
conking . fail
conks . fail
connaturalize . accept
connectedly . accordingly
connectedness . connectivity
connectives . association
connects . associate
conned . cheat
conning . cheat
conniption . fit
conniptions . fit
connivance . scheme
connivances . scheme
connive . angle
connived . angle
conniver . cheat
connivers . cheat
connives . angle
conniving . angle
connoisseur . expert
connoisseurs . expert
connotation . meaning
connotations . meaning
connote . evidence
connoted . evidence
connotes . evidence
connoting . evidence
conquer . beat
conquerable . sensitive
conquered . beat
conquering . winning
conqueror . hero
conquerors . hero
conquers . beat
conquest . invasion
conquests . invasion
conquistador . victor
conquistadores . victor
conquistadors . victor
consanguinity . connection
consanguinities . connection
conscience . duty
consciences . duty
conscientiously . properly
conscientiousness . honor
conscionable . accurate
conscious . aware
conscribe . choose
conscribed . choose
conscribing . choose
conscripted . approved
conscripting . draft
conscription . enrollment
conscriptions . enrollment
consecrate . honor
consecrates . honor
consecrating . honor
consecutiveness . arrangement
consensual . consistent
consensually . commonly
consensuses . consent
consented . comply
consentient . stable
consenting . comply
consents . approval
consequence . effect
consequent . indirect
consequential . substantial
consequently . therefore
conservancy . preservation
conservancies . preservation
conservational . careful
conservationist . green
conservationists . green
conservations . care
conservatism . preservation
conservativeness . preservation
conservatives . traditional
conservator . guardian
conservatory . nursery
conservatories . nursery
conservators . guardian
conserve . maintain
conserved . maintain
conserver . moderate
conservers . moderate
conserves . maintain
conserving . maintain
considerably . far
considerateness . attention
considers . examine
consign . assign
consigned . assign
consignee . collector
consignees . collector
consigner . broker
consigning . assign
consignment . distribution
consignments . distribution
consigns . assign
consist . be
consisted . be
consistence . body
consistences . body
consistency . flexibility
consistencies . flexibility
consociate . companion
consociated . affect
consociating . affect
consociation . assistance
consolation . comfort
consolations . comfort
consolatory . warming
consoled . calm
consoler . friend
consolers . friend
consoles . calm
consolidate . develop
consolidates . develop
consolidating . develop
consolidations . alliance
consoling . calm
consomme . bowl
consommes . bowl
consonance . chorus
consonances . chorus
consonant . like
consort . companion
consorted . companion
consortia . club
consorting . companion
consorts . companion
conspectus . abstract
conspectuses . abstract
conspicuity . height
conspicuous . apparent
conspicuously . greatly
conspicuousness . height
conspiracy . plot
conspiracies . plot
conspiratorial . accessory
conspire . operate
conspired . operate
conspires . operate
conspiring . operate
constable . bobby
constables . bobby
constancy . attachment
constants . framework
constate . admit
constellation . kind
constellations . kind
consternate . alarm
consternated . alarm
consternating . alarm
consternation . alarm
constipate . decline
constipates . decline
constipating . decline
constipation . pain
constituency . county
constituencies . county
constituent . basic
constituents . board
constituted . create
constituting . create
constitutionality . authority
constitutionally . naturally
constitutionals . essential
constitutions . nature
constrain . ban
constraining . ban
constrainment . custody
constrains . ban
constraint . pressure
constrict . contract
constricted . contract
constricting . contract
constriction . binding
constrictions . binding
constricts . contract
constringe . compact
constringed . compact
constringing . compact
construal . definition
constructing . create
constructions . development
constructive . effective
constructor . contractor
constructors . contractor
constructs . create
construe . define
construed . define
construes . define
construing . define
consubstantial . comparable
consuetude . manner
consul . lawyer
consulate . ministry
consulates . ministry
consuls . lawyer
consultations . appointment
consultative . consulting
consulted . argue
consults . argue
consumable . accessible
consume . exhaust
consumed . exhaust
consumes . exhaust
consummate . accomplished
consummated . can
consummately . completely
consummates . accomplished
consummating . accomplished
consummation . completion
consummations . completion
consumptions . drinking
consumptives . patient
contacted . approach
contacting . approach
contagion . illness
contagions . illness
contagiousness . bug
containerize . carry
containerized . carry
containerizes . carry
containerizing . carry
containment . check
containments . check
contaminate . harm
contaminated . harm
contaminates . harm
contaminating . harm
contamination . corruption
contaminations . corruption
conte . adventure
contemn . hate
contemned . hate
contemning . hate
contemns . hate
contemplate . aim
contemplated . aim
contemplates . aim
contemplating . aim
contemplation . reflection
contemplations . reflection
contemplative . intent
contemporaneously . closely
contemporaneousness . harmony
contempt . despite
contempts . despite
contemptuousness . abuse
contend . argue
contended . argue
contender . competition
contenders . competition
contending . argue
contends . argue
contented . glad
contentedness . achievement
contenting . comfortable
contention . argument
contentions . argument
contentiousness . fight
contentment . pleasure
contessa . king
contestable . open
contestant . candidate
contestants . candidate
contestation . argument
contested . argued
contester . candidate
contesters . candidate
contesting . blast
contexts . background
contextual . dependent
contextualize . investigate
contiguity . area
contiguities . area
continents . area
contingence . accident
contingency . emergency
contingencies . emergency
contingent . chance
contingents . chance
continua . sequence
continual . continuous
continually . constantly
continuance . extension
continuances . extension
continuation . extension
continuations . extension
continuity . stability
continuities . stability
continuously . frequently
continuousness . arrangement
continuum . sequence
contort . bend
contorted . bend
contorting . bend
contortion . twist
contortions . twist
contorts . bend
contour . curve
contoured . formed
contouring . communicate
contours . curve
contraband . prohibited
contraception . abortion
contraceptive . hormone
contraceptives . hormone
contracted . decline
contraction . decrease
contractions . decrease
contractual . constitutional
contradict . counter
contradicted . counter
contradicting . counter
contradiction . conflict
contradictions . conflict
contradictory . contrary
contradictories . back
contradictorily . individually
contradicts . counter
contradistinct . distinct
contradistinction . contrast
contradistinctions . contrast
contradistinctive . distinct
contradistinguish . favor
contralto . deep
contraption . appliance
contraptions . appliance
contrariant . adverse
contraries . blank
contrariety . contrast
contrarieties . contrast
contrariness . contrast
contrasted . vary
contrastingly . individually
contrastive . equivalent
contrastively . individually
contrasts . comparison
contravene . break
contravened . break
contravenes . break
contravening . break
contravention . conflict
contraversion . disclaimer
contrecoup . importance
contretemps . disaster
contributes . add
contributor . donor
contrite . sorry
contrition . ruth
contriturate . beat
contrivance . angle
contrivances . angle
contrive . construct
contrived . false
contriver . planner
contrivers . planner
contrives . construct
contriving . construct
controllers . investigator
controversy . argument
controversialize . differ
controversies . argument
controversion . disclaimer
controvert . break
controverted . break
controverting . break
controverts . break
contumaciousness . exception
contumely . abuse
contumelies . abuse
contuse . beat
contuses . beat
contusing . beat
contusion . bang
contusions . bang
conundrum . mystery
conundrums . mystery
conurbation . capital
conurbations . capital
convalesce . improve
convalesced . improve
convalescence . disorder
convalescent . healing
convalescents . patient
convalesces . improve
convalescing . improve
convection . relocation
convector . oven
convey . bring
conveyable . mobile
conveyance . car
conveyances . car
conveyed . bring
conveyer . carrier
conveyers . carrier
conveying . bring
conveyor . agent
conveyors . agent
conveys . bring
convenance . form
convenances . form
convene . gather
convened . gather
convenes . gather
convenienced . accommodate
conveniences . accessibility
conveniently . easily
convening . gather
convent . school
conventionalism . accuracy
conventionalist . moderate
conventionality . belief
conventionalities . belief
conventionalize . catalogue
conventionalized . abstract
conventionalizes . catalogue
conventionalizing . catalogue
conventionally . correctly
conventions . meeting
convents . school
converge . combine
converged . combine
convergence . meeting
convergences . meeting
converges . combine
converging . combine
conversable . pleasant
conversance . awareness
conversant . skilled
conversational . casual
conversations . chat
converse . contrary
conversed . chat
converses . contrary
conversible . pleasant
conversing . chat
conversions . growth
converters . messenger
convertibles . auto
converting . apply
convexed . bend
convexedness . hill
convexes . bend
convexity . ear
convexities . ear
convict . con
convictable . liable
convicted . sentence
convicting . sentence
conviction . confidence
convictions . confidence
convictive . impressive
convicts . con
convince . assure
convincer . business
convincers . business
convinces . assure
convincing . authentic
convincingness . bearing
convivial . pleasant
conviviality . entertainment
convocation . conference
convocations . conference
convoy . attendance
convoyed . attendance
convoying . attendance
convoys . attendance
convoke . call
convoked . call
convokes . call
convoking . call
convolute . cloud
convoluted . confused
convoluting . cloud
convolution . complexity
convolutions . complexity
convolve . fold
convolved . fold
convolves . fold
convolving . fold
convulse . rock
convulsed . rock
convulses . rock
convulsing . rock
convulsion . attack
convulsions . attack
convulsive . rough
coo . sound
cooed . sound
cooing . sound
cookbooks . guide
cooked . brown
cooker . microwave
cookery . gallery
cookeries . gallery
cookers . microwave
cookhouse . gallery
cookhouses . gallery
cookings . cooking
cooks . baker
cooled . arctic
coolers . container
coolest . arctic
coolheaded . balanced
coolhouse . nursery
coolly . easily
coolness . assurance
coolnesses . assurance
cools . arctic
coop . pound
cooped . pound
cooperate . agree
cooperated . agree
cooperates . agree
cooperating . helping
cooperations . aid
cooperatively . accordingly
cooperativeness . compliance
cooperatives . club
cooperator . associate
cooperators . associate
cooping . pound
coops . pound
coopt . accept
coopted . accept
coopting . accept
coopts . accept
coordinated . agree
coordinately . fairly
coordinates . agree
coordinating . agree
coordinations . engineering
coordinators . administrator
coos . sound
cootie . bee
cooties . bee
cop . deputy
copacetic . fair
copartner . affiliate
copartners . affiliate
cope . handle
coped . handle
copes . handle
copycatted . mirror
copycatting . mirror
copier . classic
copiers . clerk
copyist . clerk
copyists . clerk
coping . handle
copings . bed
copious . extensive
copiously . generally
copiousness . plenty
copyrighting . exclude
copout . action
copouts . action
copped . capture
copperhead . asp
copperheads . asp
coppice . forest
coppices . forest
copping . capture
coproduce . participate
cops . deputy
copula . bend
copulae . bend
copulas . bend
copulate . bed
copulated . bed
copulates . bed
copulating . bed
copulation . relations
copulations . relations
coquet . fool
coquets . fool
coquetted . fool
coquetting . fool
corals . coral
cordage . cable
cordages . cable
corded . cord
cordial . warm
cordiality . approval
cordialities . approval
cordials . alcohol
cordillera . sierra
cordilleras . sierra
cording . covering
cordon . identification
cordoned . remove
cordoning . remove
cordons . identification
cords . fiber
corduroys . shorts
corey . center
cores . basis
cork . close
corked . bar
corking . bar
corks . close
corkscrew . circular
corkscrewed . bend
corkscrewing . bend
corkscrews . curve
corm . corn
cormorant . pig
cormorants . pig
corms . corn
cornball . romantic
cornering . edge
corners . edge
cornerstone . essential
cornerstones . essential
cornerways . bias
cornet . horn
cornets . horn
cornfed . stupid
corny . stupid
cornice . band
cornices . band
cornier . stupid
corniest . stupid
corns . saw
cornucopia . enough
cornucopias . enough
corollary . effect
corollaries . effect
corona . circle
coronach . cry
coronachs . cry
coronae . circle
coronas . circle
coronate . arm
coronated . arm
coronet . circle
coronets . circle
corpora . bulk
corporal . gross
corporeal . material
corporeality . element
corporealize . appear
corporeally . substantially
corporeity . element
corpse . body
corpses . body
corpsman . doc
corpsmen . doc
corpus . bulk
corral . compound
corralled . pen
corralling . pen
corrals . compound
corrected . amended
correcting . alter
correctitude . fitness
corrective . therapeutic
correctives . drug
correctness . truth
corrects . alter
correlate . interact
correlated . interact
correlates . interact
correlating . interact
correlations . interaction
correlative . parallel
correlatives . parallel
correspond . compare
corresponded . compare
correspondences . comparison
correspondent . reporter
correspondents . reporter
correspondingly . besides
corresponds . compare
corridor . hall
corridors . hall
corrigenda . fault
corrigendum . fault
corroborate . confirm
corroborated . confirm
corroborates . confirm
corroborating . confirm
corroboration . validation
corroborations . validation
corroborator . observer
corroborators . observer
corrode . destroy
corroded . destroy
corrodes . destroy
corroding . destroy
corrosion . wear
corrosive . cutting
corrugate . gather
corrugates . gather
corrugating . gather
corrugation . channel
corrugations . channel
corrupt . base
corruptions . crime
corrupts . base
corsage . pot
corsages . pot
corse . bow
corselet . underwear
corselets . underwear
corses . bow
corset . underwear
corsets . underwear
cortege . line
corteges . line
cortex . layer
cortices . layer
corundum . ice
corundums . ice
coruscant . animated
coruscate . beam
coruscated . beam
coruscates . beam
coruscating . beam
coruscation . flash
coruscations . flash
cosh . business
coshed . beat
coshes . business
coshing . beat
cosign . advocate
cosigned . advocate
cosigning . advocate
cosigns . advocate
cosmic . global
cosmogonal . global
cosmogonic . global
cosmology . creation
cosmologies . creation
cosmonaut . pilot
cosmonauts . pilot
cosmopolitan . metropolitan
cosmopolitanism . grace
cosmopolite . national
cosmos . galaxy
cosmoses . galaxy
cosset . love
cosseted . love
cosseting . love
cossets . love
costed . require
costermonger . seller
costing . require
costly . valuable
costlier . valuable
costliest . valuable
costliness . excess
costumed . covered
costuming . array
cotch . get
cote . box
coterie . circle
coteries . circle
coterminous . later
cotes . box
cottages . cabin
cotter . block
cotters . block
cottoned . get
cottony . soft
cottoning . get
cottonmouths . dry
cottons . get
cottontail . doe
cottontails . doe
couch . bed
couched . frame
couches . bed
couching . bed
cough . cold
coughed . cold
coughs . cold
couldst . bottle
coulee . canyon
coulees . canyon
couloir . passage
couloirs . passage
councilor . agent
councilors . agent
councils . assembly
counseled . advise
counselled . advise
counselling . advise
counsellor . attorney
counsellors . attorney
counselor . advocate
counselors . advocate
counsels . advice
counted . calculate
countenance . aspect
countenanced . accept
countenances . aspect
countenancing . aspect
counteraccusation . reply
counteract . correct
counteractant . drug
counteracted . correct
counteracting . correct
counteraction . balance
counteractions . balance
counteracts . correct
counteragent . candidate
counterargument . challenge
counterattacked . argue
counterattacking . argue
counterbalance . amend
counterbalanced . amend
counterbalances . amend
counterbalancing . amend
countercharge . reply
countercheck . reverse
counterclaim . reply
counterclaimed . appeal
counterclaiming . appeal
counterclaims . reply
countered . offset
counterfeit . copied
counterfeited . copied
counterfeits . copied
counterfoil . certificate
countering . offset
counterinsurgency . attack
counterinsurgencies . attack
counterirritant . aid
countermand . recall
countermanded . recall
countermanding . recall
countermands . recall
countermeasure . drug
countermeasures . drug
countermine . plot
countermove . balance
counteroffensive . balance
counteroffensives . balance
counterorder . deny
counterpane . cover
counterpanes . cover
counterpart . copy
counterparts . copy
counterplay . attack
counterplot . plot
counterplotted . blank
counterplotting . blank
counterpoint . opposition
counterpoints . opposition
counterpoise . balance
counterpoises . balance
counterpole . back
counterpoles . back
counterpose . balance
counterrevolution . right
counterrevolutionary . right
counterrevolutions . right
countersign . confirm
countersignature . advocacy
countersignatures . advocacy
countersigned . confirm
countersigning . confirm
countersigns . confirm
countersink . bit
countersinks . bit
counterstatement . defense
counterstep . drug
counterstrike . balance
countertype . double
countervail . balance
countervailed . balance
countervailing . balance
countervails . balance
counterweight . balance
counterweights . balance
counterwork . offset
counterworking . offset
countess . count
countesses . count
countinghouse . fund
countryman . national
countrymen . national
countrypeople . farmer
countryside . environment
countrywide . civil
countrywoman . national
countrywomen . national
coup . action
coupled . connect
coupler . association
couplers . association
couplet . verse
couplets . verse
coupling . blend
couplings . blend
coups . action
courage . determination
courageous . strong
courageousness . heart
courages . determination
couriers . carrier
coursed . career
coursing . career
coursings . fishing
courted . attract
courteous . civil
courtesies . address
courtyard . lawn
courtyards . lawn
courting . attract
courtly . elegant
courtlier . elegant
courtliest . elegant
courtliness . grace
courtroom . attorneys
courtrooms . attorneys
courtship . engagement
courtships . engagement
cousin . relative
cousins . relative
couth . mature
couther . mature
couthest . mature
cove . arm
covey . bunch
coveys . bunch
covenance . code
covenant . compact
covenanted . compact
covenanting . compact
covenants . compact
coventry . discharge
coventries . discharge
coverages . analysis
coverings . cover
coverlet . spread
coverlets . spread
covert . hidden
coverts . haven
coverup . air
coverups . front
coves . arm
covet . choose
covetable . beautiful
coveted . choose
coveting . choose
covets . choose
covin . design
coward . baby
cowardice . fear
cowards . baby
cowed . buffalo
cower . honey
cowered . honey
cowering . honey
cowers . honey
cowgirl . farmer
cowgirls . farmer
cowing . buffalo
cowl . hat
cowlick . bunch
cowlicks . bunch
cowls . hat
coworker . bride
coworkers . bride
cows . buffalo
coxcomb . cap
coxcombs . cap
coxswain . captain
coxswained . advise
coxswaining . advise
coxswains . captain
coz . relative
cozen . cheat
cozenage . fraud
cozenages . fraud
cozened . cheat
cozening . cheat
cozens . cheat
cozy . comfortable
cozier . comfortable
coziest . comfortable
cozily . easily
coziness . convenience
cozinesses . convenience
cozzes . relative
crabbed . cross
crabbiness . difficulty
crabwise . side
crackbrained . mad
crackdown . strike
crackdowns . strike
cracked . broken
cracker . cookie
crackerjack . expert
crackerjacks . expert
crackers . crazy
cracking . crash
crackings . blast
crackle . break
crackled . break
crackles . break
crackleware . china
crackling . break
cracks . ace
crackup . fit
cradling . nurse
crafted . arrange
crafty . intelligent
craftier . intelligent
craftiest . intelligent
crafting . arrange
craftsman . maker
craftsmanship . craft
craftsmen . maker
crag . peak
craggy . rocky
crags . peak
crayoned . paint
crayoning . paint
cram . crowd
crammed . crowd
cramming . crowd
cramp . pain
cramped . narrow
cramper . restricted
cramping . pain
cramps . pain
crams . crowd
crane . cover
craned . cover
cranes . cover
crania . crown
craning . cover
cranium . crown
craniums . crown
crank . arm
cranky . ugly
crankier . ugly
crankiest . ugly
cranks . arm
cranny . crack
crannied . broken
crannies . crack
crapshooter . player
crapshooters . player
crases . aspect
crashed . total
crashes . blast
crashing . complete
crasis . aspect
crass . stupid
crasser . stupid
crassest . stupid
crassitude . density
crate . box
crater . hole
craters . hole
crates . box
crating . bag
cravat . band
cravats . band
crave . fancy
craved . fancy
craven . chicken
cravens . chicken
craves . fancy
craving . passion
cravingly . actively
cravings . passion
craw . crop
crawl . drag
crawled . drag
crawler . crowd
crawlers . babe
crawls . drag
crawlway . channel
crawlways . channel
craws . crop
craze . fever
crazes . fever
crazier . mad
crazies . crazy
craziest . mad
crazing . fever
creak . scratch
creaked . scratch
creaky . solid
creakier . solid
creakiest . solid
creaking . scratch
creaks . scratch
creamed . rich
creamer . outstanding
creamery . factory
creameries . factory
creamy . rich
creamier . rich
creamiest . rich
creaming . treatment
creams . paste
crease . bend
creased . bend
creases . bend
creasing . bend
creations . establishment
creativeness . imagination
creators . architect
creatural . passing
creature . animal
creatures . animal
creche . nursery
creches . nursery
credence . admission
credences . admission
credenda . attitude
credential . diploma
credentials . diploma
credenza . table
credenzas . table
credibility . chance
credibilities . chance
credible . honest
credibleness . reliability
credited . accept
crediting . attention
creditor . collector
creditors . collector
credo . philosophy
credos . philosophy
credulousness . lack
creed . faith
creeds . faith
creeks . burn
creel . box
creels . box
creep . inch
creepy . weird
creepier . weird
creepiest . weird
creeps . inch
creese . blade
creeses . blade
cremate . char
cremated . char
cremates . char
cremating . char
crematory . burner
crematories . burner
crenel . cut
crenelate . cut
crenelated . fighting
crenelates . cut
crenelating . cut
crenels . cut
crepe . cake
crepes . cake
crepitate . crack
crepitated . crack
crepitating . crack
crepitation . noise
crept . inch
crepuscular . black
crepuscule . sunset
crescendi . building
crescendo . building
crescendos . building
crescive . developing
crest . height
crests . height
cretin . fool
cretins . fool
crevasse . gap
crevice . crack
crewcut . bob
crewel . lace
crewels . lace
crews . band
crib . rack
cribbed . take
cribbing . fraud
cribbings . fraud
cribriform . soft
cribs . rack
crick . pain
cricked . hurt
cricking . hurt
cricks . pain
cries . tears
crimeless . honest
criminals . con
criminate . blame
criminated . blame
criminating . blame
crimp . flow
crimped . flow
crimping . flow
crimple . flow
crimpled . flow
crimples . flow
crimpling . flow
crimps . flow
crimson . color
crimsoned . color
crimsoning . color
crimsons . color
cringe . dodge
cringed . dodge
cringes . dodge
crinkle . fold
crinkled . fold
crinkles . fold
crinkling . fold
crip . enemy
cripple . hurt
crippled . broken
cripples . hurt
crippling . hurt
crips . enemy
crypt . cave
cryptanalyze . break
cryptanalyzed . break
cryptanalyzing . break
cryptic . strange
cryptogram . code
cryptograms . code
cryptographer . adapter
cryptographers . adapter
cryptologist . adapter
crypts . cave
crises . change
crisp . fresh
crispation . twist
crisped . ready
crisper . fresh
crispest . fresh
crisping . roll
crispness . economy
crisps . roll
crisscross . confused
crisscrossed . cross
crisscrosses . chain
crisscrossing . cross
crystallization . setting
crystals . crystal
criterion . principle
criterions . principle
critic . authority
criticality . pressure
criticalness . crisis
criticisms . assessment
criticize . blame
criticized . blame
criticizes . blame
criticizing . blame
critique . appraisal
critiqued . considered
critiques . appraisal
critiquing . evaluating
critter . monster
critters . monster
crochet . mesh
crocheting . lace
crochets . mesh
crock . container
crocked . faced
crockery . porcelain
crockeries . porcelain
crocks . container
croissant . bread
croissants . bread
crone . woman
crones . woman
crony . associate
cronies . associate
crook . cheat
crooking . cheat
crooks . cheat
crooner . artist
crooners . artist
cropland . garden
croplands . garden
cropped . clip
cropper . provincial
croppers . provincial
cropping . clip
crossbar . bar
crossbars . bar
crossbow . bomb
crossbows . bomb
crossbred . different
crossbreed . cross
crossbreeding . couple
crossbreeds . cross
crosscurrent . atmosphere
crosscurrents . atmosphere
crosscut . cross
crosscuts . cross
crosscutting . cross
crossed . cruise
crosser . short
crosses . short
crossest . short
crossfire . junction
crosshatch . line
crosshatched . line
crosshatches . line
crosshatching . line
crossings . bridge
crossness . difficulty
crosspiece . bar
crosspieces . bar
crossroads . crisis
crossway . crossing
crosswalk . crossing
crosswalks . crossing
crotch . corner
crotches . corner
crotchet . fancy
crotchets . fancy
crouch . bend
crouched . bend
crouches . bend
crouching . bend
croup . back
croupiers . broker
croups . back
crow . blow
crowbar . extract
crowbars . extract
crowded . full
crowdedness . excess
crowder . crowd
crowding . cluster
crowds . circle
crowed . blow
crower . fit
crowfeet . depression
crowfoot . depression
crowing . blow
crowned . arm
crowns . head
crows . blow
crts . monitor
cruces . core
cruciation . suffering
crucible . container
crucibles . container
crucify . hang
crucified . hang
crucifies . hang
crucifying . hang
crucifixion . execution
crucifixions . execution
crud . dirt
cruddy . cheap
crude . cheap
crudeness . error
cruder . cheap
crudes . oil
crudest . cheap
crudites . starter
crudity . evil
crudities . evil
cruds . dirt
cruel . evil
crueler . evil
cruelest . evil
cruelness . depth
cruelty . torture
cruelties . torture
cruet . basin
cruets . basin
cruised . journey
cruiser . lover
cruisers . lover
cruising . coast
cruller . bread
crullers . bread
crumb . atom
crumbed . dirty
crumby . rough
crumbier . rough
crumbiest . rough
crumbing . dirty
crumble . collapse
crumbled . collapse
crumbles . collapse
crumbly . soft
crumblier . soft
crumbliest . soft
crumbling . breaking
crumblings . bankruptcy
crumbs . atom
crumple . collapse
crumpled . collapse
crumples . collapse
crumpling . collapse
crunch . crisis
crunched . crisis
crunches . crisis
crunching . beat
cruor . juice
cruors . juice
crura . leg
crus . leg
crusade . demonstration
crusaded . contest
crusader . champion
crusaders . champion
crusades . demonstration
crusading . contest
crush . gathering
crushed . beat
crusher . debate
crushers . debate
crushes . gathering
crushing . beat
crust . layer
crusted . cover
crusting . cover
crusts . layer
crutch . aid
crutched . hold
crutches . aid
crutching . hold
crux . core
cruxes . core
cubbyhole . category
cubbyholes . category
cubeb . smoke
cubebs . smoke
cubed . boost
cubes . die
cubic . square
cubicle . booth
cubicles . booth
cubics . square
cubing . boost
cuckold . baby
cuckolds . baby
cuckoo . clock
cucumber . currency
cucumbers . currency
cud . food
cuddle . bundle
cuddled . bundle
cuddles . bundle
cuddling . bundle
cudgel . bat
cudgeled . attack
cudgeling . attack
cudgelled . attack
cudgelling . attack
cudgels . bat
cuds . food
cue . suggestion
cued . advise
cues . suggestion
cuff . belt
cuffed . bat
cuffing . belt
cuffs . belt
cuing . advise
cuirassier . army
cuisines . cooking
culinary . delicious
culinarian . baker
cull . extract
culled . extract
culling . extract
culls . extract
culm . ash
culminate . cap
culminated . cap
culminates . cap
culminating . peak
culmination . completion
culminations . completion
culms . ash
culotte . dress
culottes . dress
culpability . accountability
culpable . guilty
culpableness . accountability
culprit . criminal
culprits . criminal
cult . band
culti . faith
cultism . form
cultisms . form
cultivate . breed
cultivated . sophisticated
cultivates . breed
cultivating . breed
cultivation . farming
cultivations . farming
cultivator . producer
cultivators . producer
cults . band
cultured . accomplished
cultus . faith
cultuses . faith
culvert . pipe
culverts . pipe
cumber . burden
cumbered . burden
cumbering . burden
cumbers . burden
cumbersome . heavy
cumbersomeness . difficulty
cumbrance . load
cummerbund . ribbon
cummerbunds . ribbon
cumulate . collect
cumulated . collect
cumulates . collect
cumulating . collect
cumulation . collection
cumulative . aggregate
cunctation . check
cuneiform . print
cuniculi . doe
cuniculus . doe
cunning . acute
cunningness . design
cunnings . ability
cunt . beaver
cunts . beaver
cupboard . facility
cupboards . facility
cupcake . angel
cupcakes . angel
cupful . bowl
cupfuls . bowl
cupidity . passion
cupidities . passion
cupping . break
cur . cad
curate . assistant
curates . assistant
curative . therapeutic
curatives . comfort
curator . administrator
curators . administrator
curb . barrier
curbed . contain
curbing . contain
curbings . check
curbs . barrier
curd . paste
curdle . turn
curdles . turn
curdling . array
curds . paste
cured . correct
curers . physician
cures . drug
curfew . limit
curfews . limit
curing . healing
curio . antique
curios . antique
curiosity . concern
curiosities . concern
curiously . really
curiousness . inquiry
curiousnesses . inquiry
curl . twist
curled . twist
curlicue . screw
curlicues . screw
curling . twist
curls . twist
currencies . cash
currents . modern
curry . sauce
curricle . truck
curricles . truck
curricula . modules
curriculums . modules
curried . sauce
curries . sauce
currying . sauce
curs . cad
curse . ban
curses . ban
cursing . flame
cursive . constant
cursor . indicator
cursory . random
cursors . indicator
curst . ban
curtail . decrease
curtailed . decrease
curtailing . decrease
curtailment . reduction
curtailments . reduction
curtails . decrease
curtain . screen
curtained . dark
curtaining . cover
curtains . death
curtana . blade
curtate . brief
curtilage . street
curtness . economy
curtnesses . economy
curtsey . bob
curtseyed . bow
curtseying . bow
curtseys . bob
curtsy . bob
curtsied . bend
curtsies . bob
curtsying . bend
curvaceousness . completion
curvation . arch
curvature . arc
curvatures . arc
curveball . action
curved . round
curves . arc
curvet . bound
curveted . bound
curveting . bound
curvets . bound
curvetted . bound
curvetting . bound
cushion . buffer
cushioned . support
cushiony . comfortable
cushioning . buffer
cushions . buffer
cusp . angle
cuspid . ivory
cuspids . ivory
cusps . angle
cussedness . anger
custodial . careful
custodian . supervisor
custodians . supervisor
custodianship . care
custodies . care
customary . accepted
customarily . commonly
customizes . adjust
customizing . adjust
cutback . decline
cutbacks . decline
cuter . beautiful
cutes . jacket
cutest . beautiful
cutie . angel
cuties . angel
cutin . fee
cutins . fee
cutis . jacket
cutises . jacket
cutlas . blade
cutlases . blade
cutlass . blade
cutlasses . blade
cutlery . service
cutleries . service
cutoff . break
cutout . broker
cutouts . broker
cutpurse . finger
cutpurses . finger
cutter . blade
cutters . blade
cutthroats . hunter
cuttings . flower
cutup . actor
cutups . card
czar . leader
czarina . king
czarinas . king
czars . leader
dab . bit
dabbed . bit
dabbing . pat
dabble . monkey
dabbled . monkey
dabbles . monkey
dabbling . monkey
dabblings . delay
dabs . bit
dachshund . pointer
dachshunds . pointer
dactyl . digit
dactylogram . identify
dactyls . digit
daddies . dad
dads . parent
daedal . complex
daedalean . complicated
daemon . appearance
daemons . appearance
daffodil . gnome
daffodils . gnome
daftness . vice
daftnesses . vice
dagger . blade
daggers . blade
dahlia . coral
dahlias . coral
daybook . album
daybooks . album
daybreak . dawn
daybreaks . dawn
daydream . dream
daydreamed . dream
daydreamer . romantic
daydreamers . romantic
daydreams . dream
dailies . account
daylight . dawn
daylights . dawn
dainty . cute
daintier . cute
dainties . bread
daintiest . cute
daintily . easily
daintiness . error
dairies . factory
dais . terrace
daises . terrace
daisy . baby
daisies . baby
dayspring . dawn
daytime . candle
daytimes . candle
dales . dell
dally . drag
dalliance . delay
dalliances . delay
dallied . drag
dallier . lover
dalliers . lover
damask . bedding
damasks . bedding
dame . female
dames . female
dammed . bar
damming . bar
damn . abuse
damnation . suffering
damndest . bad
damned . bad
damnedest . bad
damns . abuse
damp . cloudy
damped . drink
dampen . spray
dampened . spray
dampening . spray
dampens . spray
dampest . cloudy
damping . drink
dampness . gas
dampnesses . gas
damps . humidity
dams . bank
damsel . lady
damsels . lady
danced . dance
dances . disco
dandy . capital
dandier . capital
dandiest . capital
dandify . dress
dandifies . dress
dandifying . dress
dandle . dance
dandled . dance
dandles . dance
dandling . dance
dangerously . seriously
dangers . crisis
dangle . hang
dangled . hang
dangles . hang
dangling . hanging
dank . wet
danke . thanks
danker . wet
dankest . wet
dankness . humidity
danknesses . humidity
dapifer . administrator
dapper . stylish
dapple . dot
dapples . dot
dappling . dot
dared . face
daresay . expect
daring . bold
darings . bold
darked . duck
darken . eclipse
darkened . eclipse
darkening . eclipse
darkens . eclipse
darker . black
darkest . black
darking . duck
darknesses . dark
darks . black
darling . angel
darlings . angel
darnings . lace
dart . bound
darted . bound
darting . bound
dartle . bar
dartles . bar
darts . bound
dash . sprint
dashed . bound
dashes . sprint
dashing . stylish
dastard . cad
dastards . cad
datebook . album
daub . cover
daubed . cover
daubing . cover
daubs . cover
daughters . girl
daunt . cow
daunted . cow
daunting . cow
dauntlessness . heart
daunts . cow
davenport . secretary
davenports . secretary
dawdle . drag
dawdled . drag
dawdles . drag
dawdling . drag
dawned . appear
dawning . morning
dawns . morning
daze . shock
dazes . shock
dazing . shock
dazzle . blind
dazzled . blind
dazzler . dream
dazzlers . dream
dazzles . blind
dazzling . bright
deacon . elder
deaconed . alter
deaconing . alter
deaconry . ministry
deaconries . ministry
deacons . elder
deadcenter . accurate
deadeye . consciousness
deadeyes . consciousness
deaden . check
deadened . check
deadening . check
deadens . check
deader . buried
deadest . buried
deadfall . danger
deadfalls . danger
deadhead . drag
deadheads . drag
deadly . dangerous
deadlier . dangerous
deadliest . dangerous
deadlines . limit
deadliness . mortality
deadlock . box
deadlocked . frozen
deadlocking . draw
deadlocks . box
deads . dead
deadweight . responsibility
dealings . business
dealt . handle
deans . administrator
dearer . close
dearest . close
deary . dear
dearie . dear
dearies . dear
dearly . greatly
dearness . friendship
dearnesses . friendship
dears . close
dearth . absence
dearths . absence
deathwatch . watch
deathwatches . watch
deb . noble
debacle . breakdown
debacles . breakdown
debar . deny
debark . arrive
debarkation . appearance
debarkations . appearance
debarked . arrive
debarking . arrive
debarks . arrive
debarment . lack
debarred . deny
debarring . deny
debars . deny
debase . disable
debased . base
debasement . corruption
debases . disable
debasing . disable
debated . answer
debates . argument
debating . answer
debauch . abuse
debauched . fast
debauchee . deviant
debauchees . deviant
debaucher . cad
debauchery . drunk
debaucheries . drunk
debauches . abuse
debauching . abuse
debenture . bond
debentures . bond
debilitate . disable
debilitates . disable
debilitating . disable
debility . disease
debilities . disease
debit . account
debiting . bone
debits . account
debouch . advance
debouched . advance
debouches . advance
debouching . advance
debrief . examine
debriefed . examine
debriefing . examine
debriefs . examine
debris . remains
debs . noble
debtor . account
debtors . account
debts . bill
debugged . adjust
debugging . adjust
debugs . adjust
debunk . discover
debunked . discover
debunking . discover
debunks . discover
debuted . appear
debuting . appear
debuts . appearance
decadence . corruption
decadency . decline
decadent . evil
decagon . decade
decagons . decade
decay . consumption
decayed . rank
decays . consumption
decal . advertisement
decals . advertisement
decamp . escape
decamped . escape
decamping . escape
decampment . departure
decamps . escape
decant . draft
decanted . draft
decanter . bottle
decanters . bottle
decanting . draft
decants . draft
decapitate . execute
decapitated . execute
decapitates . execute
decapitating . execute
decapitation . hanging
decapitations . hanging
decapod . decade
decapods . decade
decease . departure
deceased . cold
deceases . departure
deceasing . departure
deceit . fraud
deceitful . false
deceits . fraud
deceivable . flexible
deceive . cheat
deceived . had
deceiver . cheat
deceivers . cheat
deceives . cheat
deceiving . cheat
decelerate . brake
decelerated . brake
decelerates . brake
decelerating . brake
deceleration . decline
decelerations . decline
decemvir . decade
decemvirate . decade
decemviri . decade
decemvirs . decade
decency . courtesy
decencies . courtesy
decennary . decade
decennaries . decade
decennia . decade
decennium . decade
decenniums . decade
decently . correctly
decentralize . distribute
decentralized . distribute
decentralizing . distribute
deception . fraud
deceptions . fraud
deceptive . false
deceptively . carefully
deceptiveness . lie
decidedly . clearly
decides . agree
deciding . chief
deciduous . brief
decimals . figure
decimate . execute
decimated . execute
decimates . execute
decimating . execute
decimation . murder
decipher . analyze
decipherability . accuracy
deciphered . analyze
deciphering . analyze
decipherment . illustration
deciphers . analyze
decisive . critical
decisively . actually
decisiveness . determination
decked . array
deckhouse . box
deckhouses . box
decking . array
decks . array
declaim . attack
declaimed . attack
declaiming . attack
declaims . attack
declamation . address
declamations . address
declarations . admission
declare . advocate
declares . advocate
declaring . advocate
declass . lower
declasses . lower
declassify . display
declassified . display
declassifies . display
declassifying . display
declassing . lower
declension . decline
declensions . decline
declinate . round
declination . decline
declinations . decline
declinatory . negative
declined . deny
declines . drop
declining . deny
declivitous . sharp
decoct . pound
decocted . mixed
decocting . pound
decoction . alcohol
decocts . pound
decode . solve
decoded . solve
decoder . adapter
decoders . adapter
decodes . solve
decoding . solve
decodings . explanation
decoy . attraction
decoyed . attraction
decoying . attraction
decoys . attraction
decollate . execute
decollated . execute
decollating . execute
decolor . silver
decolored . silver
decoloring . silver
decolorize . silver
decolorized . silver
decolorizing . silver
decolors . silver
decompose . turn
decomposed . turn
decomposes . turn
decomposing . turn
decomposition . corruption
decompositions . corruption
decompound . resolve
decontaminate . wash
decontaminated . wash
decontaminates . wash
decontaminating . wash
decontamination . bath
decontaminations . bath
decorate . deck
decorated . deck
decorates . deck
decoration . designing
decorations . designing
decorously . correctly
decorticate . skin
decorticated . skin
decorticating . skin
decorum . breeding
decorums . breeding
decreases . decline
decreasing . decline
decree . act
decreed . announce
decreeing . act
decrees . act
decrement . decline
decrements . decline
decrepitate . break
decrepitated . break
decrepitating . break
decrepitude . age
decrescence . decline
decretion . law
decretum . convention
decry . minimize
decried . minimize
decries . minimize
decrying . minimize
decriminalize . allow
decriminalized . allow
decriminalizes . allow
decriminalizing . allow
decrypt . break
decrypted . break
decrypting . break
decryption . illustration
decryptions . illustration
decrypts . break
decurtate . brief
decussation . bridge
dedicate . apply
dedicates . apply
dedicating . apply
dedication . commitment
dedications . commitment
dedition . delivery
deduce . analyze
deduced . analyze
deducement . conclusion
deduces . analyze
deducing . analyze
deduct . reduce
deducted . reduce
deducting . reduce
deduction . answer
deductions . answer
deductive . analytical
deducts . reduce
deed . act
deeded . assign
deeding . assign
deeds . act
deem . allow
deeming . allow
deemphasize . minimize
deemphasized . minimize
deemphasizes . minimize
deemphasizing . minimize
deems . allow
deepen . expand
deepened . expand
deepening . expand
deepens . expand
deeps . broad
deers . buffalo
deescalate . decrease
deescalated . decrease
deescalates . decrease
deescalating . decrease
deescalation . agreement
deescalations . agreement
deface . damage
defaced . damage
defaces . damage
defacing . damage
defalcate . abuse
defalcated . abuse
defalcates . abuse
defalcating . abuse
defalcation . lack
defalcations . lack
defalcator . criminal
defamation . dirt
defamations . dirt
defame . pan
defamed . pan
defames . pan
defaming . pan
defaulted . absence
defaulter . account
defaulters . account
defaulting . absence
defaults . absence
defeat . blow
defeated . overcome
defeater . champion
defeaters . champion
defeating . beat
defeatist . negative
defeats . blow
defecate . discharge
defecated . discharge
defecates . discharge
defecating . discharge
defect . bug
defected . desert
defecting . bug
defection . divorce
defections . divorce
defective . damaged
defectiveness . lack
defectless . excellent
defendants . suspect
defender . sponsor
defenders . sponsor
defending . fight
defends . fight
defenselessness . disclosure
defenses . arms
defensible . logical
defensive . conservative
defer . delay
deference . submission
deferential . civil
deferment . delay
deferral . extension
deferred . delayed
deferring . delay
defers . delay
defy . ignore
defiance . opposition
defiances . opposition
deficiency . failure
deficiencies . failure
deficient . incomplete
deficiently . partially
deficit . loss
deficits . loss
defied . ignore
defies . ignore
defying . ignore
defile . abuse
defiled . dirty
defilement . corruption
defilements . corruption
defiles . abuse
defiling . abuse
definite . bold
definiteness . attention
definitive . actual
definitiveness . attention
definitude . attention
deflate . exhaust
deflated . empty
deflates . exhaust
deflating . exhaust
deflation . bankruptcy
deflations . bankruptcy
deflect . bend
deflected . bend
deflecting . bend
deflection . change
deflections . change
deflects . bend
deflorate . assault
deflower . assault
deflowered . assault
deflowering . assault
deflowers . assault
defog . release
defogged . release
defogging . release
defogs . release
defoliation . confusion
defoliations . confusion
deforestation . logging
deforested . cold
deform . damage
deformation . abuse
deformations . abuse
deformed . damaged
deforming . damage
deformity . corruption
deformities . corruption
deforms . damage
defray . finance
defrayal . amount
defrayals . amount
defrayed . finance
defraying . finance
defrayment . compensation
defrays . finance
defraud . con
defraudation . fraud
defrauded . con
defrauding . con
defrauds . con
defrock . abuse
defrocking . abuse
defrocks . abuse
deft . quick
defter . quick
deftest . quick
deftness . skill
deftnesses . skill
defunction . end
defuse . disable
defused . disable
defuses . disable
defusing . disable
degenerate . base
degenerated . base
degenerates . base
degenerating . decline
degeneration . decline
degenerations . decline
degradation . decline
degradations . decline
degrade . reduce
degrades . reduce
degringolade . decline
dehydrate . dry
dehydrated . dry
dehydrates . dry
dehydrating . dry
dehisce . crack
dehisced . crack
dehiscent . accessible
dehisces . crack
dehiscing . crack
dehumidify . clear
dehumidified . clear
dehumidifies . clear
dehumidifying . clear
deify . worship
deification . respect
deifications . respect
deified . worship
deifies . worship
deifying . worship
deign . consent
deigned . consent
deigning . consent
deigns . consent
deistic . holy
deity . creator
deities . creator
dejected . black
dejection . depression
dejections . depression
delaminate . scale
delaminated . scale
delaminating . scale
delamination . layer
delectate . attract
delectated . attract
delectating . attract
delectation . happiness
delectations . happiness
delectus . classics
delegate . commissioner
delegated . assign
delegates . commissioner
delegating . assign
delegation . appointment
delegations . appointment
deleteriousness . abuse
deletes . destroy
deleting . destroy
deletion . cancellation
deletions . cancellation
deliberate . calculated
deliberated . consider
deliberates . consider
deliberating . consider
deliberation . conference
deliberations . conference
deliberative . calculated
delicate . delicious
delicatesse . confidence
delicatessen . restaurant
delicatessens . restaurant
delict . break
delicts . break
delictum . break
delight . joy
delighted . excited
delightful . beautiful
delightfulness . appeal
delighting . attract
delights . joy
delimit . bound
delimitate . bar
delimitated . bar
delimitating . bar
delimitation . custody
delimitations . custody
delimited . bound
delimiting . bound
delimits . bound
delineate . define
delineated . define
delineates . define
delineating . define
delineation . picture
delineations . picture
delinquency . default
delinquencies . default
delinquent . behind
delinquents . behind
deliquescence . depression
deliquescent . running
deliria . fever
delirious . mad
delirium . fever
deliriums . fever
deliverable . output
deliverables . output
deliverance . delivery
deliverer . hero
deliverers . hero
deliveries . distribution
dells . dale
deltas . basin
deludable . flexible
delude . cheat
deluder . cheat
deluders . cheat
deludes . cheat
deluding . cheat
deluge . pour
deluged . pour
deluges . pour
deluging . pour
delusion . fantasy
delusional . confused
delusions . fantasy
delve . dig
delved . dig
delves . dig
delving . dig
demagogue . radical
demagogues . radical
demanded . appeal
demanding . critical
demandingness . crisis
demarcate . separate
demarcated . separate
demarcates . separate
demarcating . separate
demarcation . separation
demarcations . separation
demarche . action
demarches . action
demark . decrease
demarked . decrease
demarking . decrease
demarks . decrease
dematerialize . die
dematerialized . die
dematerializing . die
demean . lower
demeaned . lower
demeaning . lower
demeanor . attitude
demeanors . attitude
demeans . lower
demented . mad
dementing . disorder
demerit . punishment
demerited . lower
demeriting . lower
demerits . punishment
demesne . county
demesnes . county
demigod . creator
demigoddess . actress
demigods . creator
demijohn . bag
demijohns . bag
demilitarization . occupation
demilune . bow
demilunes . bow
demise . collapse
demised . assign
demises . collapse
demising . assign
demission . disclaimer
demystify . discover
demystification . announcement
demiurgic . innovative
demobilization . occupation
demobilizations . occupation
democracies . equality
democrat . leader
democratize . adjust
democratized . adjust
democratizes . adjust
democratizing . adjust
demode . antique
demoded . ancient
demographic . analytical
demographics . poll
demolish . trash
demolished . trash
demolisher . radiation
demolishes . trash
demolishing . trash
demolishment . destruction
demon . beast
demons . beast
demonstrable . obvious
demonstrates . determine
demonstrations . expression
demonstrative . frank
demonstrator . radical
demonstrators . radical
demoralization . confusion
demoralize . sap
demoralizes . sap
demos . demo
demote . bench
demoted . bench
demotes . bench
demoting . bench
demotion . reduction
demotions . reduction
demountable . portable
demulcent . calm
demulcents . cosmetic
demur . challenge
demurely . simply
demureness . reserve
demurral . challenge
demurrals . challenge
demurred . challenge
demurrer . belief
demurrers . belief
demurring . challenge
demurs . challenge
denaturant . blend
denaturants . blend
denature . alter
denatured . alter
denatures . alter
denaturing . alter
dendritic . decorative
dene . dell
denes . dell
denial . disclaimer
denials . disclaimer
denies . ban
denying . ban
denim . pants
denims . pants
denizen . citizen
denizens . citizen
denominate . call
denominated . call
denominates . call
denominating . call
denomination . church
denominational . accessory
denominations . church
denominator . figure
denominators . figure
denotation . definition
denotations . definition
denote . announce
denoted . announce
denotes . announce
denoting . announce
denouement . close
denouements . close
denounce . blame
denounced . blame
denouncement . criticism
denouncements . criticism
denounces . blame
denouncing . blame
dens . cave
dense . heavy
densen . wrap
denseness . density
denser . heavy
densest . heavy
densify . strengthen
densified . strengthen
densifies . strengthen
densifying . strengthen
densities . frequency
dent . cut
dentation . ivory
dented . nick
denticle . point
denticles . point
denticulate . broken
dentile . point
denting . cut
dents . cut
denture . bridge
dentures . bridge
denudate . destroy
denudated . destroy
denudates . destroy
denudating . destroy
denudation . disclosure
denudations . disclosure
denude . bare
denuded . bare
denudes . bare
denuding . bare
denunciate . abuse
denunciated . abuse
denunciating . abuse
denunciation . blame
denunciations . blame
deodar . wood
deodars . wood
deodorant . cosmetic
deodorants . cosmetic
deodorize . air
deodorized . air
deodorizer . cleaner
deodorizers . cleaner
deodorizes . air
deodorizing . air
depart . escape
departed . buried
departer . traveler
departing . last
departmentalizing . analysis
departs . escape
departures . escape
dependability . character
dependabilities . character
dependable . steady
dependableness . ability
dependence . confidence
dependency . addiction
dependents . dependent
depict . detail
depicted . detail
depicting . detail
depiction . drawing
depictions . drawing
depictive . classic
depicts . detail
depicture . design
depictured . design
depicturing . design
depilated . bare
deplane . sit
deplaned . sit
deplanes . sit
deplaning . sit
deplete . decrease
depleted . reduced
depletes . decrease
depleting . decrease
depletion . reduction
depletions . reduction
deploy . expand
deployable . mobile
deployed . expand
deploying . expand
deployments . distribution
deploys . expand
deplorable . terrible
deplorably . very
deplore . cry
deplored . cry
deplores . cry
deploring . cry
depone . witness
deponed . witness
depones . witness
deponing . witness
depopulate . murder
depopulated . murder
depopulates . murder
depopulating . murder
deport . transport
deportation . removal
deportations . removal
deported . transport
deportee . alien
deportees . alien
deporting . transport
deportment . actions
deports . transport
deposal . discharge
deposals . discharge
depose . break
deposed . break
deposes . break
deposing . break
depositary . guardian
depositaries . guardian
deposited . collect
depositing . security
deposition . removal
depositions . removal
depository . cache
depositories . cache
depots . garage
depravation . corruption
depraved . base
depravity . evil
depravities . evil
deprecate . object
deprecated . object
deprecates . object
deprecating . object
depreciate . decrease
depreciated . decrease
depreciates . decrease
depreciating . decrease
depreciation . reduction
depreciations . reduction
depredation . crime
depredations . crime
depress . lower
depressed . sad
depresses . lower
depressing . sad
depressions . trouble
deprivation . loss
deprivations . loss
deprive . rob
deprived . broke
deprives . rob
depriving . rob
depthless . empty
depths . bottom
depurate . prevent
depurated . prevent
depurates . prevent
depurating . prevent
depuration . grace
deputation . committee
deputations . committee
depute . assign
deputes . assign
deputies . commissioner
deputing . assign
deputization . appointment
deputize . assign
deputized . assign
deputizes . assign
deputizing . assign
deracinate . eliminate
deracination . move
derail . crash
derailed . crash
derailing . crash
derails . crash
derange . disorder
deranged . nuts
derangement . disorder
derangements . disorder
deranges . disorder
deranging . disorder
deride . kid
derided . kid
derides . kid
deriding . kid
derision . crack
derisions . crack
derisory . bizarre
derivate . dependent
derivation . basis
derivations . basis
derivative . secondary
derivatives . wave
derive . acquire
derives . acquire
deriving . acquire
derma . jacket
dermas . jacket
dermatitis . scales
dermatitises . scales
dermis . jacket
dermises . jacket
derrick . lift
derricks . lift
derriere . bottom
derrieres . bottom
descant . comment
descanted . comment
descanting . comment
descants . comment
descend . collapse
descendant . child
descendants . child
descended . collapse
descendent . down
descending . down
descends . collapse
descent . slide
descents . slide
descry . detect
describer . author
describers . author
descried . detect
descries . detect
descrying . detect
descriptive . detailed
descriptives . accessory
descriptor . description
descriptors . description
desecrate . waste
desecrated . waste
desecrates . waste
desecrating . waste
desegregate . integrate
desegregated . integrate
desegregates . integrate
desegregating . integrate
deserted . empty
desertedness . gap
deserter . criminal
deserters . criminal
desertification . logging
deserting . escape
desertion . departure
desertions . departure
deserts . compensation
deserve . earn
deserved . earned
deservedly . truly
deserves . earn
deserving . fitting
deservings . authority
desexed . fixed
desexualize . alter
desexualized . alter
desexualizing . alter
desiccate . dry
desiccated . dry
desiccates . dry
desiccating . dry
desiderata . essential
desiderate . choose
desiderated . choose
desiderating . choose
desideratum . essential
designate . label
designates . label
designating . label
designation . classification
designations . classification
designful . calculated
designless . extensive
desirability . benefit
desirable . beautiful
desirably . perfectly
desires . love
desist . avoid
desistance . bar
desisted . avoid
desisting . avoid
desists . avoid
desks . counter
desolate . bare
desolated . bare
desolates . bare
desolating . bare
desolation . isolation
desolations . isolation
despair . pain
despaired . pain
despairing . blue
despairs . pain
desperately . greatly
desperation . anxiety
despisable . cheap
despisal . hate
despise . hate
despised . hate
despisement . despite
despises . hate
despising . hate
despites . abuse
despoil . raid
despoiled . raid
despoiler . cheat
despoilers . cheat
despoiling . raid
despoilment . abuse
despoilments . abuse
despoils . raid
despoliation . destruction
despoliations . destruction
despondence . blues
despondency . depression
despondencies . depression
despondent . sad
despotize . torture
desquamate . scale
desquamated . scale
desquamating . scale
dessert . cake
desserts . cake
destabilize . damage
destabilized . damage
destabilizing . damage
destinate . reserve
destine . assign
destined . coming
destines . assign
destiny . future
destinies . future
destining . assign
destinism . acceptance
destitute . poor
destituteness . default
destitution . poverty
destroyer . radiation
destroyers . radiation
destroys . damage
destruct . level
destructed . level
destructing . level
destructions . loss
destructive . toxic
destructiveness . assault
destructs . level
detach . separate
detachable . mobile
detached . isolated
detaches . separate
detaching . separate
detachment . division
detachments . division
detailing . analyze
detain . delay
detained . delay
detainee . con
detainees . con
detaining . delay
detainment . custody
detains . delay
detectable . visible
detectably . rarely
detecting . catch
detections . disclosure
detective . agent
detectives . agent
detectors . radar
detects . catch
detente . policy
detentes . policy
detention . arrest
deter . block
deterge . clean
deterged . clean
detergent . cleaner
detergents . cleaner
deterges . clean
deterging . clean
deteriorate . decline
deteriorates . decline
deteriorating . decline
deterioration . decline
deteriorations . decline
determinant . final
determinants . motivation
determinated . identify
determinately . actually
determinating . identify
determinations . assurance
determinative . final
determinedly . actively
determinism . acceptance
deterred . block
deterrent . check
deterrents . check
deters . block
detersion . cleaning
detonate . blast
detonated . blast
detonates . blast
detonating . blast
detonation . bang
detonations . bang
detonative . hazardous
detour . branch
detoured . dodge
detours . branch
detract . decrease
detracted . decrease
detracting . decrease
detraction . abuse
detractions . abuse
detracts . decrease
detrain . sit
detrained . sit
detraining . sit
detrains . sit
detriment . damage
detrimental . adverse
detriments . damage
detritus . deposit
detrude . drop
detruded . drop
detrudes . drop
detruding . drop
detruncate . trim
detruncated . trim
detruncating . trim
deuce . combination
deuces . combination
devalorize . decrease
devaluate . lower
devaluated . lower
devaluates . lower
devaluating . lower
devaluation . decline
devaluations . decline
devalue . decrease
devalued . decrease
devalues . decrease
devaluing . decrease
devastate . level
devastated . level
devastates . level
devastation . confusion
devastations . confusion
develops . advance
deviants . variation
deviate . differ
deviated . differ
deviates . differ
deviation . modification
deviations . modification
deviceful . creative
deviled . devil
deviling . devil
devilkin . devil
devilkins . devil
devilled . devil
devilling . devil
devilment . evil
devilments . evil
devilry . trouble
devilries . trouble
devils . beast
deviltry . evil
deviltries . evil
devisal . estate
devisals . estate
devise . arrange
devised . arrange
devisee . recipient
devisees . recipient
deviser . architect
devisers . architect
devises . arrange
devising . arrange
devisings . building
devitalize . destroy
devitalized . destroy
devitalizes . destroy
devitalizing . destroy
devoid . bare
devoir . action
devoirs . action
devolution . decline
devolve . pass
devolved . pass
devolves . pass
devolving . pass
devote . apply
devotedness . appreciation
devotee . lover
devotees . lover
devotement . attachment
devotes . apply
devoting . apply
devotion . attachment
devotional . holy
devotions . attachment
devour . destroy
devoured . destroy
devours . destroy
devout . religious
devoutly . actively
devoutness . spirituality
dewdrop . bit
dewdrops . bit
dewiness . youth
dewinesses . youth
dexies . crystal
dexterity . skill
dextrin . sugar
dextrins . sugar
dextrose . sugar
dextroses . sugar
dextrous . sharp
dharma . conduct
dharmas . conduct
diablo . beast
diabolism . power
diabolist . wizard
diacetylmorphine . drug
diaconate . ministry
diacritic . original
dyad . combination
dyadic . binary
dyads . combination
diagnose . analyze
diagnosed . analyze
diagnoses . analysis
diagnosing . analyze
diagnosticate . admit
diagnosticated . admit
diagnosticating . admit
diagnostics . disorder
diagonal . bias
diagonals . cant
diagraming . arrange
diagrammed . arrange
diagramming . designing
diagrams . chart
dialect . language
dialects . language
dialed . ring
dialing . ring
dialyses . departure
dialysis . departure
dialled . ring
dialling . ring
dialogist . speaker
dialogued . argue
dialoguing . argue
dials . ring
diameters . width
diapason . lyric
diapasons . lyric
diaper . burn
diapered . burn
diapering . burn
diapers . burn
diaphyses . beam
diaphysis . beam
diaphoresis . steam
diaphoretic . wet
diaphragm . abortion
diaphragms . abortion
diaries . account
diaspora . escape
diasporas . escape
diatonic . neutral
diatribe . abuse
diatribes . abuse
dibble . bit
dibbles . bit
dybbuk . beast
dybbukim . beast
dybbuks . beast
dibs . request
dice . bones
diced . chip
dicer . player
dicers . player
dices . bones
dichotomy . difference
dichotomic . binary
dichotomies . difference
dichotomize . separate
dichotomized . double
dichotomizing . separate
dichotomous . binary
dicing . chip
dickenses . punk
dicker . trade
dickered . trade
dickering . trade
dickers . trade
dicta . gnome
dictate . bidding
dictated . guide
dictates . bidding
dictating . guide
dictation . transcription
dictations . transcription
dictative . absolute
dictator . boss
dictatorial . absolute
dictators . boss
diction . delivery
dictionaries . glossary
dictions . delivery
dictum . gnome
dictums . gnome
diddle . cheat
diddled . cheat
diddles . cheat
diddling . cheat
didst . achieve
dye . color
dyed . color
diehard . right
diehards . right
dieing . drop
dyeing . color
dyeings . quality
dyes . color
diesels . generator
dyestuff . oil
dyestuffs . oil
dietaries . dietary
dieted . dietary
dietetics . diet
dieting . dietary
diets . dietary
differed . alter
differenced . detect
differencing . detect
differentia . aspect
differentiae . aspect
differentials . differential
differentiate . separate
differentiated . separate
differentiates . separate
differentiating . separate
differentiation . contrast
differentiations . contrast
differently . individually
differing . alter
differs . alter
difficile . challenging
diffidence . doubt
diffraction . emission
diffractions . emission
diffuse . broadcast
diffused . distributed
diffuses . insert
diffusing . insert
diffusion . circulation
diffusions . circulation
diffusive . late
digenetic . historical
digested . eat
digesting . abstract
digestion . metabolism
digests . abstract
digged . crack
digging . clean
digitals . analog
digitize . load
digitized . load
digitizes . load
digitizing . load
digits . figure
dignify . advance
dignification . class
dignified . distinguished
dignifies . advance
dignifying . advance
dignitary . celebrity
dignitaries . celebrity
dignity . grace
dignities . grace
digression . aside
digressions . aside
digs . crack
dyings . destruction
dike . barrier
dyke . barrier
diked . block
dikes . barrier
dykes . barrier
diking . block
dilapidate . break
dilapidated . damaged
dilapidating . exhaust
dilapidation . destruction
dilatant . extensive
dilatation . addition
dilatations . addition
dilate . develop
dilated . develop
dilates . develop
dilating . develop
dilation . expansion
dilations . expansion
dilatorily . slowly
dilemma . difficulty
dilemmas . difficulty
dilettante . green
dilettantes . green
dilettanti . green
diligence . intensity
diligences . intensity
diligent . active
diligently . carefully
dillydally . delay
dillydallied . delay
dillydallies . delay
dillydallying . delay
dilute . alter
diluted . cut
dilutes . alter
diluting . alter
dilution . mixture
dilutions . mixture
dim . cloudy
dime . coins
dimensionality . bulk
dimes . coins
dimidiate . cross
dimidiated . cross
dimidiating . cross
diminish . decline
diminished . decline
diminishes . decline
diminishing . decline
diminution . cut
diminutions . cut
diminutive . button
dimmed . cloud
dimmer . cloudy
dimmest . cloudy
dimmet . sunset
dimming . cloud
dimness . dark
dimnesses . dark
dimple . depression
dimples . depression
dimpling . nick
dims . cloudy
dimwit . fool
dimwits . fool
din . buzz
dynamical . dynamic
dynamism . activity
dynamisms . activity
dynamize . encourage
dynamo . generator
dynamos . generator
dynast . king
dynasty . empire
dynasties . empire
dynasts . king
dine . lunch
dined . lunch
diner . booth
dinero . currency
dineros . currency
diners . booth
dines . lunch
ding . beat
dingbat . crazy
dingbats . crazy
dinged . beat
dinger . alarm
dingy . dirty
dingier . dirty
dingiest . dirty
dinging . beat
dingle . basin
dingles . basin
dings . beat
dinky . mini
dinkier . mini
dinkiest . mini
dinned . drive
dinners . spread
dinning . drive
dins . buzz
dint . drive
dinting . cut
dints . drive
diocesan . bishop
diocesans . bishop
diocese . district
dioceses . district
diorama . dimension
dioramas . dimension
dip . dive
diplegic . disabled
diploid . binary
diplomacy . politics
diplomacies . politics
diplomas . degree
diplomat . agent
diplomata . degree
diplomate . doctor
diplomates . doctor
diplomatic . strategic
diplomats . agent
dipped . covered
dipper . cup
dippers . cup
dipping . dive
dips . dive
dipt . dive
dire . acute
directing . advise
directionalize . control
directives . message
directness . clarity
directorate . administration
directorates . administration
directorship . administration
directorships . administration
directs . advise
diremption . couple
direr . acute
direst . acute
dirge . cry
dirges . cry
dirk . bomb
dirks . bomb
dirndl . dress
dirndls . dress
dirtied . coat
dirtier . nasty
dirties . nasty
dirtiest . nasty
dirtying . coat
dirtiness . dirt
dirts . ground
disablement . occupation
disables . damage
disabling . damage
disabuse . correct
disabused . correct
disabuses . correct
disabusing . correct
disaccharide . sugar
disaccharides . sugar
disaccord . conflict
disadvantage . harm
disadvantaged . poor
disadvantageous . adverse
disadvise . block
disadvised . block
disadvising . block
disaffiliate . leave
disaffiliated . leave
disaffiliates . leave
disaffiliating . leave
disaffiliation . separation
disaffiliations . separation
disaffirmation . disclaimer
disagreeableness . difficulty
disagreed . differ
disagreement . argument
disagreements . argument
disagrees . differ
disallow . cancel
disallowed . cancel
disallowing . cancel
disallows . cancel
disannul . cancel
disannulled . cancel
disannulling . cancel
disannuls . cancel
disappear . die
disappearance . departure
disappearances . departure
disappeared . die
disappearing . die
disappears . die
disappoint . fail
disappointed . down
disappointment . blow
disappointments . blow
disappoints . fail
disapproval . criticism
disapprovals . criticism
disapprove . blame
disapproved . blame
disapproves . blame
disapproving . blame
disarm . disable
disarmament . occupation
disarmed . disable
disarming . winning
disarms . disable
disarray . chaos
disarraying . disorder
disarrays . chaos
disarrange . mess
disarranged . mess
disarrangement . chaos
disarrangements . chaos
disarranges . mess
disarranging . mess
disarticulation . break
disassociate . divorce
disassociated . divorce
disassociates . divorce
disassociating . divorce
disassociation . separation
disasters . collapse
disastrous . adverse
disavow . deny
disavowal . blank
disavowals . blank
disavowed . deny
disavowing . deny
disavows . deny
disband . destroy
disbanded . destroy
disbanding . destroy
disbandment . escape
disbandments . escape
disbands . destroy
disbar . reduce
disbarment . removal
disbarments . removal
disbarred . reduce
disbarring . reduce
disbars . reduce
disbelieve . discount
disbelieved . discount
disbelieves . discount
disbowel . clean
disboweled . clean
disboweling . clean
disbowels . clean
disburden . clear
disburdened . clear
disburdening . clear
disburdens . clear
disburse . contribute
disbursed . contribute
disbursement . expenditure
disbursements . expenditure
disburses . contribute
disbursing . contribute
discard . cancel
discarded . damaged
discarding . cancel
discards . cancel
discarnate . abstract
discept . answer
discepted . answer
discepting . answer
discepts . answer
discern . detect
discerned . detect
discernible . apparent
discernibly . clearly
discerning . knowing
discerningly . reasonably
discernment . insight
discerns . detect
discharged . fired
discharges . clearance
discharging . clearance
disci . disc
disciple . bug
disciples . bug
disciplinarian . master
disciplinarians . master
disciplines . control
disciplining . artistic
disclaim . decline
disclaimed . decline
disclaiming . decline
disclaims . decline
disclamation . disclaimer
disclose . admit
disclosed . admit
discloses . admit
disclosing . admit
disclosures . admission
discoid . oval
discoidal . disc
discoids . disc
discolor . mar
discolored . mar
discoloring . mar
discolors . mar
discombobulate . puzzle
discombobulates . puzzle
discombobulating . puzzle
discomfit . beat
discomfited . beat
discomfiting . beat
discomfits . beat
discomfiture . confusion
discomfort . trouble
discomforts . trouble
discommend . protest
discommode . burden
discommoded . burden
discommodes . burden
discommoding . burden
discommodious . difficult
discompose . harry
discomposed . harry
discomposes . harry
discomposing . harry
discomposure . confusion
disconcert . puzzle
disconcerted . disturbed
disconcerting . puzzle
disconcertion . confusion
disconcerts . puzzle
disconfirm . deny
disconfirmed . deny
discongruity . change
disconnect . abstract
disconnected . separated
disconnectedness . division
disconnecting . abstract
disconnection . division
disconnections . division
disconnects . abstract
disconsider . destroy
disconsolation . trouble
disconsonant . bizarre
discontent . depression
discontented . blue
discontenting . anger
discontents . depression
discontinuance . close
discontinuances . close
discontinuation . break
discontinuations . break
discontinue . quit
discontinues . quit
discontinuing . quit
discontinuity . break
discontinuities . break
discordance . argument
discordantly . individually
discorded . conflict
discording . conflict
discos . club
discotheque . bar
discotheques . bar
discountenance . dispute
discountenanced . dispute
discountenances . dispute
discountenancing . dispute
discounting . decrease
discourage . alarm
discouraged . beat
discouragement . depression
discouragements . depression
discourages . alarm
discouraging . black
discouragingly . extremely
discourse . communication
discoursed . communication
discourses . communication
discoursing . communication
discoverer . creator
discoverers . creator
discoveries . analysis
discovering . catch
discovers . catch
discreate . involve
discreated . involve
discreating . involve
discredit . destroy
discredited . destroy
discrediting . destroy
discredits . destroy
discreet . careful
discreetly . carefully
discreetness . reserve
discrepancy . difference
discrepancies . difference
discrepate . separate
discrepated . separate
discrepating . separate
discrete . distinct
discriminate . favor
discriminated . favor
discriminates . favor
discriminating . select
discriminations . wrong
discrown . break
discrowned . break
discrowning . break
discrowns . break
disculpate . defend
discumber . expand
discursion . departure
discus . disc
discuses . disc
discussing . argue
disdain . pride
disdained . hate
disdainfulness . abuse
disdaining . pride
disdains . pride
diseased . infected
diseasedness . disease
diseasing . affect
disembalm . reveal
disembark . anchor
disembarkation . appearance
disembarkations . appearance
disembarked . anchor
disembarking . anchor
disembarks . anchor
disembarrass . clear
disembarrassed . clear
disembarrassment . delivery
disembogue . empty
disembogued . empty
disemboguing . empty
disembowel . clean
disemboweled . clean
disemboweling . clean
disembowelled . clean
disembowelling . clean
disembowels . clean
disembroil . explain
disenable . disable
disenabled . disable
disenablement . lack
disenabling . disable
disenchanted . knowing
disenchantment . blow
disenchantments . blow
disencumber . rid
disencumbered . rid
disencumbering . rid
disencumbers . rid
disenfranchise . capture
disenfranchised . vulnerable
disenfranchises . capture
disenfranchising . capture
disengage . abstract
disengaged . free
disengagement . separation
disengagements . separation
disengages . abstract
disengaging . abstract
disentangle . expand
disentangled . expand
disentanglement . delivery
disentanglements . delivery
disentangles . expand
disentangling . expand
disenthral . deliver
disenthralled . knowing
disenthrone . transport
disenthroned . transport
disenthroning . transport
disentitle . bar
disentitled . bar
disentitlement . lack
disentitling . bar
disequilibrium . anxiety
disequilibriums . anxiety
disestablish . cancel
disestablished . cancel
disestablishes . cancel
disestablishing . cancel
disesteemed . slight
disfashion . mar
disfavoring . slight
disfeature . mar
disfeatured . mar
disfeaturing . mar
disfigure . mar
disfigured . mar
disfigurement . mark
disfigurements . mark
disfigures . mar
disfiguring . mar
disfranchise . bar
disfranchised . bar
disfranchises . bar
disfranchising . bar
disgorge . discharge
disgorged . discharge
disgorges . discharge
disgorging . discharge
disgrace . abuse
disgraces . abuse
disgracing . abuse
disgrade . lower
disgraded . lower
disgrading . lower
disgruntle . anger
disgruntles . anger
disgruntling . anger
disguise . blind
disguised . changed
disguises . blind
disguising . blind
disgusted . tired
disgusting . nasty
dishabille . naked
disharmony . difference
disharmonies . difference
disharmonism . diversity
disharmonize . conflict
disharmonized . conflict
disharmonizing . conflict
disheartenment . blues
dished . chat
disherit . leave
disherited . leave
disheriting . leave
disherits . leave
disheveled . dirty
dishevelment . chaos
dishevelments . chaos
dishy . beautiful
dishier . beautiful
dishiest . beautiful
dishonest . false
dishonesty . corruption
dishonesties . corruption
dishonor . abuse
dishonoring . abuse
dishonors . abuse
dishwater . bowl
disillusioned . broken
disillusionment . blow
disillusionments . blow
disimpassioned . casual
disimprison . deliver
disimprisonment . clearance
disimprove . decline
disincentive . difficulty
disinclination . opposition
disinclinations . opposition
disincline . prevent
disinclined . opposed
disinclines . prevent
disinclining . prevent
disinfectant . pharmaceutical
disinfectants . soap
disinfection . grace
disinfections . grace
disinformation . fiction
disingenuity . art
disingenuous . false
disinherit . exclude
disinherited . exclude
disinheriting . exclude
disinherits . exclude
disinhume . reveal
disinhumed . reveal
disinhuming . reveal
disintegrate . sink
disintegrated . sink
disintegrates . sink
disintegrating . sink
disinterested . casual
disinterestedness . equity
disinvolve . clear
disject . distribute
disjected . distribute
disjecting . distribute
disjects . distribute
disjointed . confused
disjointedness . division
disjointly . independently
disjunction . division
disjunctions . division
disjuncture . division
disklike . round
disks . disc
dislike . offense
disliked . avoid
dislikes . offense
disliking . avoid
dislimb . hurt
dislocate . break
dislocated . break
dislocates . break
dislocating . break
dislocation . confusion
dislocations . confusion
dislodge . remove
dislodged . remove
dislodgement . removal
dislodges . remove
dislodging . remove
dislodgment . discharge
dyslogistic . adverse
disloyalty . violation
disloyalties . violation
dismay . alarm
dismayed . alarm
dismaying . alarm
dismays . alarm
dismal . sad
dismals . blues
dismantle . destroy
dismantled . destroy
dismantles . destroy
dismantling . destroy
dismember . part
dismembered . part
dismembering . part
dismemberment . analysis
dismemberments . analysis
dismembers . part
dismiss . decline
dismissal . discharge
dismissals . discharge
dismissed . removed
dismisses . decline
dismissing . decline
dismount . light
dismounted . light
dismounting . light
dismounts . light
disobedience . revolution
disobey . ignore
disobeyed . ignore
disobeying . ignore
disobeys . ignore
disoblige . slight
disobliged . slight
disobliges . slight
disordered . confused
disordering . confusion
disorderliness . chaos
disorganization . chaos
disorganize . destroy
disorganized . confused
disorganizes . destroy
disorganizing . destroy
disorient . disorder
disorientation . confusion
disoriented . lost
disorienting . complex
disorients . disorder
disown . deny
disowned . deny
disowning . deny
disowns . deny
disparage . abuse
disparaged . abuse
disparagement . blame
disparagements . blame
disparages . abuse
disparate . distinct
disparately . individually
disparateness . array
disparity . gap
disparities . gap
disparting . analysis
dispassion . equity
dispassionate . abstract
dispassionateness . equity
dispatcher . courier
dispatchers . courier
dyspathy . anxiety
dispeace . dispute
dispel . eliminate
dispelled . eliminate
dispelling . eliminate
dispels . eliminate
dispensary . hospital
dispensaries . hospital
dispensation . appointment
dispensations . appointment
dispense . distribute
dispensed . distribute
dispenses . distribute
dispensing . distribute
dyspepsy . flu
dyspepsia . flu
dyspepsies . flu
dyspeptic . mean
dispersal . circulation
dispersals . circulation
disperse . discharge
dispersed . discharge
disperses . discharge
dispersing . discharge
dispersion . distribution
dispersions . distribution
dysphoria . anxiety
dispirited . blue
displace . lose
displaced . removed
displacement . move
displacements . move
displaces . lose
displacing . lose
displant . lose
displanted . lose
displanting . lose
displants . lose
displease . anger
displeases . anger
displeasure . offense
displeasures . offense
disport . play
disported . demonstrate
disporting . demonstrate
disports . play
disposals . clearance
dispose . adjust
disposed . game
disposes . adjust
disposing . adjust
disposition . mood
dispositioned . flash
dispositions . mood
dispossess . appropriate
dispossessed . appropriate
dispossesses . appropriate
dispossessing . appropriate
dispossession . loss
disproportion . difference
disproportionate . excessive
disproportionately . extremely
disproportions . difference
disprove . break
disproved . break
disproves . break
disproving . break
disputant . candidate
disputants . candidate
disputation . debate
disputations . debate
disputative . boxing
disputed . challenge
disputes . conflict
disputing . conflict
disqualify . bar
disqualification . lack
disqualifications . lack
disqualified . bar
disqualifies . bar
disqualifying . bar
disquiet . anxiety
disquieted . concern
disquiets . anxiety
disquietude . anxiety
disquietudes . anxiety
disquisition . commentary
disquisitions . commentary
disrate . lower
disrated . lower
disrates . lower
disrating . lower
disregard . slight
disregardance . slight
disregarded . forget
disregarding . forget
disregards . slight
disrelation . departure
disrepair . dead
disrepute . brand
disrespectfulness . assurance
disrobe . bare
disrobed . bare
disrobes . bare
disrobing . bare
disrupt . disorder
disrupted . disorder
disrupter . advocate
disrupting . disorder
disruption . break
disruptions . break
disrupts . disorder
dissatisfaction . anxiety
dissatisfactions . anxiety
dissatisfy . anger
dissatisfies . anger
dissatisfying . anger
dissect . cut
dissected . cut
dissecting . cut
dissection . anatomy
dissections . anatomy
dissects . cut
dissemble . affect
dissembled . affect
dissembler . actor
dissemblers . actor
dissembles . affect
dissembling . affect
disseminate . advertise
disseminated . advertise
disseminates . advertise
disseminating . advertise
dissemination . circulation
disseminations . circulation
dissension . argument
dissensions . argument
dissent . opposition
dissented . opposition
dissentient . adverse
dissentients . liberal
dissenting . differ
dissention . argument
dissents . opposition
dissert . argue
dissertate . argue
dissertated . argue
dissertating . argue
dissertation . essay
dissertations . essay
disserted . argue
disserting . argue
disserts . argue
disservice . harm
disservices . harm
dissever . cut
dissevered . cut
dissevering . cut
dissevers . cut
dissidence . dispute
dissimilar . diverse
dissimilarity . contrast
dissimilarities . contrast
dissimilarly . individually
dissimilation . attitude
dissimilitude . contrast
dissimulate . fake
dissimulated . fake
dissimulates . fake
dissimulating . fake
dissimulation . dream
dissimulations . dream
dissimulator . cheat
dissimulators . cheat
dissipate . blow
dissipated . destroyed
dissipater . operator
dissipaters . operator
dissipates . blow
dissipating . blow
dissipation . celebration
dissipations . celebration
dissipator . sport
dissipators . sport
dissociate . abstract
dissociated . abstract
dissociates . abstract
dissociating . abstract
dissociation . break
dissociations . break
dissoluteness . corruption
dissolution . divorce
dissolutions . divorce
dissolvable . running
dissolve . run
dissolved . run
dissolves . run
dissolving . run
dissonance . conflict
dissonances . conflict
dissonancy . difference
dissonancies . difference
dissuade . prevent
dissuaded . prevent
dissuades . prevent
dissuading . prevent
distaff . female
distaffs . female
distanced . pass
distances . area
distancing . pass
distant . far
distaste . horror
distastes . horror
distemper . disease
distempered . bug
distempering . bug
distend . enlarge
distended . expanded
distending . enlarge
distends . enlarge
distension . boom
distensions . boom
distention . enlargement
distentions . enlargement
disthrone . transport
disthroned . transport
disthroning . transport
distich . verse
distichous . binary
distichs . verse
distill . extract
distillate . excerpt
distillates . excerpt
distilled . extract
distiller . alcohol
distillery . alcohol
distilleries . alcohol
distillers . alcohol
distilling . extract
distills . extract
distinction . contrast
distinctions . contrast
distinctive . cool
distinctively . alone
distinctiveness . specialty
distinctness . separation
distingue . distinguished
distinguish . analyze
distinguishable . distinct
distinguishes . analyze
distort . alter
distorted . colored
distorting . alter
distortion . bias
distortions . bias
distorts . alter
distract . puzzle
distracted . disturbed
distracting . puzzle
distraction . confusion
distractions . confusion
distracts . puzzle
distraught . concerned
distress . anxiety
distressed . concerned
distresses . anxiety
distressfully . greatly
distressing . sad
distressingly . very
distributes . assign
distributing . assign
distrust . doubt
distrusted . doubt
distrusting . doubt
distrusts . doubt
disturb . alarm
disturbance . confusion
disturbances . confusion
disturbing . trying
disturbingly . extremely
disturbs . alarm
disunify . divorce
disunified . divorce
disunifying . divorce
disunion . argument
disunions . argument
disunite . divorce
disunited . divorce
disunites . divorce
disunity . argument
disuniting . divorce
ditch . canal
ditched . dump
ditches . canal
ditching . dump
dither . confusion
dithered . beat
dithers . confusion
ditty . tune
ditties . tune
ditto . clone
dittoed . manufactured
dittoing . mirror
dittos . clone
diurnal . durable
diuturnal . permanent
divagation . aside
divagations . aside
divan . lounge
divans . lounge
divaricate . divided
divaricated . alter
divaricating . contrast
divarication . contrast
dived . duck
diver . marine
diverge . bend
diverged . bend
divergence . diversity
divergences . diversity
divergency . contrast
divergencies . contrast
divergent . contrary
divergently . individually
diverges . bend
diverging . bend
diverseness . contrast
diversify . expand
diversification . diversity
diversifications . diversity
diversified . diverse
diversifies . expand
diversifying . expand
diversiform . complex
diversion . departure
diversions . departure
diversities . range
divert . alter
diverted . changed
divertimenti . song
divertimento . song
divertimentos . song
divertissement . fun
divertissements . fun
diverts . alter
dives . duck
divest . rob
divested . rob
divesting . rob
divests . rob
divide . break
dividend . bonus
dividends . bonus
divider . cover
dividers . cover
divides . break
dividing . break
divination . prediction
divinations . prediction
divined . eternal
divineness . faith
diviner . oracle
diviners . oracle
divines . eternal
divinest . eternal
divining . guess
divinity . lord
divinities . lord
divisional . provincial
divisiveness . argument
divorced . separate
divorcement . division
divorcements . division
divorces . separation
divorcing . separation
divot . dirt
divots . dirt
divulgation . advertisement
divulge . admit
divulged . admit
divulgement . announcement
divulgence . buzz
divulgences . buzz
divulges . admit
divulging . admit
divvy . deal
divvied . deal
divvies . deal
divvying . deal
dixieland . blues
dizen . dress
dizened . dress
dizening . dress
dizens . dress
dizzy . blind
dizzier . blind
dizziest . blind
dizzying . rapid
djinn . beast
djinni . spirit
djinns . beast
docent . instructor
docents . instructor
docile . gentle
docility . accordance
docilities . accordance
docious . compliant
dock . harbor
dockage . harbor
dockages . harbor
docked . anchor
docket . calendar
docketed . catalogue
docketing . catalogue
dockets . calendar
dockyard . harbor
dockyards . harbor
docking . anchor
docks . harbor
doctored . loaded
doctoring . expert
doctrine . attitude
doctrines . attitude
docudrama . documentary
docudramas . documentary
documentaries . broadcast
documentations . characters
documenting . chronicle
dodged . duck
dodges . device
dodging . duck
dodo . fellow
dodoes . fellow
dodos . fellow
doest . achieve
doeth . achieve
doff . strip
doffed . strip
doffing . strip
doffs . strip
dogcatcher . administrator
dogcatchers . administrator
dogear . bend
dogears . bend
dogfight . argument
dogfights . argument
dogged . firm
doggerel . verse
doggerels . verse
doggy . stylish
doggier . stylish
doggiest . stylish
dogging . shadow
doghouse . den
doghouses . den
dogy . stock
dogie . drop
dogies . drop
dogleg . curve
doglegs . curve
dogma . gospel
dogmas . gospel
dogmata . gospel
dogmatism . bias
dogmatist . radical
dogmatists . radical
dogmatize . mistake
dogmatized . mistake
dogmatizing . mistake
dognap . grab
dognaped . grab
dognaping . grab
dognapped . grab
dognapping . grab
dognaps . grab
dogtrot . sprint
dogtrots . sprint
dogtrotted . sprint
dogtrotting . sprint
doyen . chief
doyenne . artist
doyennes . artist
doyens . chief
doily . cloth
doilies . cloth
doings . acts
dojigger . piece
doldrums . blues
dole . benefit
doled . deal
dolefulness . blues
dolefuls . blues
dolent . sad
doles . benefit
doling . deal
dollface . angel
dolly . carrier
dollies . carrier
dollop . bit
dollops . bit
dolman . wrap
dolmans . wrap
dolor . passion
dolors . passion
dolt . fool
dolts . fool
dome . arcade
domes . arcade
domesticate . break
domesticated . trained
domesticates . break
domesticating . break
domestication . coaching
domestications . coaching
domesticize . break
domesticized . break
domestics . butler
domical . oval
domicile . accommodation
domiciled . accommodate
domiciles . accommodation
domiciliary . private
domiciliate . accommodate
domiciliated . accommodate
domiciliating . accommodate
domiciling . accommodate
dominance . control
dominantly . basically
dominate . command
dominated . command
dominates . command
domination . influence
dominations . influence
dominator . boss
dominators . boss
domineer . bend
domineered . bend
domineers . bend
dominie . assistant
dominies . assistant
dominion . authorization
dominions . authorization
domino . air
dominoes . air
dominos . air
donated . award
donates . award
donating . award
donee . recipient
donees . recipient
dong . bell
donging . bell
dongs . bell
donjon . fort
donjons . fort
donkey . horse
donkeys . horse
donned . dress
donning . dress
donors . angel
dons . dress
doodad . object
doodads . object
doodle . draw
doodled . draw
doodles . draw
doodling . draw
doohickey . object
doohickeys . object
dooly . bed
doolies . bed
doom . disaster
doomed . destroyed
doomful . dangerous
dooming . appreciate
dooms . disaster
doorkeeper . porter
doorknob . bulk
doorknobs . bulk
doorman . porter
doormat . butler
doormats . butler
doormen . porter
doorpost . panel
doorposts . panel
doorstep . rest
doorsteps . rest
doorway . hall
doorways . hall
dope . fool
dopehead . user
doper . user
dopers . user
dopes . fool
doping . load
doppelganger . double
dory . craft
doric . classic
dories . craft
dorm . apartment
dormancy . suspension
dormancies . suspension
dormer . apartment
dormers . apartment
dormitory . bedroom
dormitories . bedroom
dorms . apartment
dornick . bedding
dornicks . bedding
dorsal . back
dorsals . hand
dosage . application
dosages . application
dosed . cure
doses . application
dosing . treatment
dosser . hanging
dossers . hanging
dossier . summary
dossiers . summary
dost . achieve
dotards . baby
dote . praise
doted . praise
doter . fan
doters . fan
dotes . praise
doth . achieve
doting . loving
dots . atom
dottiness . vice
dotting . atom
doubled . grow
doubler . dual
doubles . dual
doublespeak . empty
doublet . combination
doublets . combination
doubly . double
doubling . grow
doubloon . bread
doubloons . bread
doubtable . open
doubted . suspect
doubtfulness . question
doubtless . absolutely
doubtlessness . assurance
doubts . confusion
douche . shower
douched . wash
douches . shower
douching . wash
dough . bread
doughy . gray
doughier . gray
doughiest . gray
doughs . bread
dourness . economy
dournesses . economy
douse . wet
doused . wet
douses . wet
dousing . wet
dove . drop
dovetail . agree
dovetailed . agree
dovetailing . agree
dovetails . agree
dowdy . plain
dowdier . plain
dowdiest . plain
dowel . pin
dowels . pin
dower . gift
dowered . gift
dowering . gift
dowers . gift
downbeat . negative
downbeats . clip
downcast . bad
downcome . decline
downcomes . decline
downed . drink
downer . drag
downers . drag
downfall . breakdown
downfalls . breakdown
downgrade . decline
downgraded . decline
downgrades . decline
downgrading . reduce
downheartedness . blues
downhill . falling
downing . drink
downlinked . allow
downlinking . allow
downpour . flood
downpouring . pour
downpours . flood
downrush . falls
downs . despite
downside . fault
downsize . reduce
downsized . reduce
downsizes . reduce
downsizing . reduce
downstairs . canvas
downstream . next
downswing . decrease
downswings . decrease
downthrow . blow
downtime . break
downtimes . break
downtowns . central
downtrend . basin
downtrends . basin
downturn . decline
downturned . collapse
downturns . decline
downward . down
downwards . down
dowry . gift
dowries . gift
doxy . mistress
doxies . mistress
doxologize . carol
doxologized . carol
doxologizing . carol
dozened . twelve
dozening . twelve
dozens . twelve
dozy . quiet
dozier . quiet
doziest . quiet
dozing . sleep
drab . gray
drabber . gray
drabbest . gray
drabs . bronze
draconian . severe
draff . drink
draffs . drink
drafted . design
draftee . soldier
draftees . soldier
drafting . design
drafts . outline
draftsperson . artist
dragged . draw
dragger . tired
draggy . static
draggier . static
draggiest . static
dragging . long
draggle . drag
draggled . drag
draggles . drag
draggling . drag
dragnet . chase
dragnets . chase
dragoman . adapter
dragomans . adapter
dragomen . adapter
dragonfly . bee
dragonflies . bee
dragooned . alarm
dragooning . alarm
drags . burden
dray . cart
drain . pipe
drainage . waste
drainages . waste
drained . beat
draining . wearing
drains . pipe
drays . cart
dram . draft
dramas . comedy
dramatically . completely
dramatics . acting
dramatist . author
dramatists . author
dramatization . entertainment
dramatizations . entertainment
dramatize . act
dramatized . act
dramatizes . act
dramatizing . act
dramaturge . author
dramaturgy . theater
dramaturgist . author
drams . draft
drank . belt
drape . cover
draped . cover
drapery . apparel
draperies . apparel
drapes . cover
draping . cover
drastic . radical
drastically . extremely
draught . cup
draughts . cup
drave . ride
drawback . difficulty
drawbacks . difficulty
drawer . bag
drawers . pants
drawl . extend
drawled . extend
drawling . slow
drawls . extend
draws . tie
dreaded . fear
dreadful . bad
dreadfulness . horror
dreading . fear
dreadlocks . flip
dreamboat . beautiful
dreamed . fantasy
dreamer . romantic
dreamers . romantic
dreamy . gentle
dreamier . gentle
dreamiest . gentle
dreamt . think
dreamworld . paradise
drear . dark
dreary . lonely
drearier . lonely
dreariest . lonely
dreariness . depression
dreck . trash
drecks . trash
dredge . clean
dredged . clean
dredges . clean
dredging . clean
dreg . deposits
dregs . deposits
drench . duck
drenched . duck
drencher . flood
drenchers . flood
drenches . duck
drenching . duck
dressed . cover
dresser . bureau
dressers . bureau
dressy . elegant
dressier . elegant
dressiest . elegant
dressiness . grace
dressing . filling
dressings . filling
dressmaker . designer
dressmakers . designer
drest . apparel
dryad . spirit
dryades . spirit
dryads . spirit
dribble . drop
dribbled . drop
dribbles . drop
dribbling . drop
driblet . bit
driblets . bit
dried . dry
drier . bare
dries . bare
driest . bare
drift . bank
drifted . dance
drifting . dance
driftless . odd
drifts . bank
driftwood . piece
drying . bare
drilled . break
drilling . break
drillings . direction
drills . assignment
drinkable . beverage
drinkables . beverage
drinkery . bar
drip . filter
dripped . filter
dripping . filter
drippings . oil
drips . filter
dript . filter
dryrot . collapse
drys . dry
driveway . entrance
driveways . entrance
drizzle . spray
drizzled . spray
drizzles . spray
drizzling . spray
drogher . agent
droit . advantage
droits . advantage
droll . funny
droller . funny
drollest . funny
drolls . actor
droned . buzz
droning . buzz
droop . bend
drooped . bend
droops . bend
dropcloth . canvas
dropkick . boot
dropkicks . boot
dropout . failure
dropouts . failure
dropper . soldier
droppers . soldier
dropping . snow
dropsical . extended
dropt . bit
dross . refuse
drosses . refuse
drossy . base
drossier . base
drossiest . base
drought . lack
droughts . lack
drove . collection
droves . collection
drown . flood
drowning . flood
drowns . flood
drowse . rest
drowsed . rack
drowses . rest
drowsing . quiet
drub . beat
drubbed . beat
drubs . beat
drudge . worker
drudged . worker
drudgery . labor
drudgeries . labor
drudges . worker
drudging . worker
drugged . floating
drugging . cure
druid . medium
druids . medium
drumbeat . boom
drumbeats . boom
drumfire . attack
drumfires . attack
drummed . boom
drumming . boom
drumstick . bar
drumsticks . bar
drupe . bean
drupelet . bean
drupelets . bean
drupes . bean
druthers . bias
dualistic . binary
duality . combination
dualities . combination
dualize . grow
dualized . grow
dualizes . grow
dualizing . grow
duals . couple
dub . nickname
dubbed . nickname
dubbing . nickname
dubiety . uncertainty
dubieties . uncertainty
dubiosity . doubt
dubiosities . doubt
dubiousness . question
dubs . nickname
ducat . certificate
ducats . certificate
duchess . count
duchesses . count
ducked . bend
ducky . fair
duckier . fair
duckiest . fair
ducking . bend
ducks . bend
ducktail . bob
ducktails . bob
duct . tube
ductileness . compliance
ductility . compliance
ducts . tube
ductus . script
dud . bomb
dudder . bad
dude . buddy
dudes . buddy
dudgeon . anger
dudgeons . anger
duds . apparel
duel . challenge
dueled . check
dueling . check
duelist . champion
duelists . champion
duelled . check
duelling . check
duels . challenge
duenna . guardian
duennas . guardian
duer . expected
dues . assessment
duet . duo
duets . duo
duff . behind
duffel . gear
duffels . gear
duffer . fool
duffers . fool
duffs . behind
dug . clean
dugout . cave
dugouts . cave
dukes . count
dulcify . calm
dulcified . calm
dulcifies . calm
dulcifying . calm
dulcorate . calm
duly . correctly
dull . simple
dullard . fool
dullards . fool
duller . simple
dullest . simple
dulling . decrease
dullness . routine
dullnesses . routine
dumbed . quiet
dumbfound . puzzle
dumbfounded . beat
dumbfounding . puzzle
dumbfoundment . confusion
dumbing . quiet
dumbs . quiet
dumdum . simple
dumdums . fool
dummy . copy
dummies . copy
dumped . deposit
dumper . clear
dumping . removal
dumpings . removal
dumpling . babe
dumplings . babe
dumps . blues
dun . cloudy
dunce . fool
dunces . fool
dune . ridge
dunes . ridge
dungaree . jeans
dungarees . jeans
dungeon . cell
dungeons . cell
dunghill . trash
dunghills . trash
dunk . duck
dunked . duck
dunking . duck
dunks . duck
dunned . trouble
dunning . trouble
duns . trouble
duologue . communication
duologues . communication
duos . pair
dupe . fish
duped . cheat
duper . carbon
dupery . cheat
duperies . cheat
dupes . fish
duping . fish
duplex . double
duplicate . corresponding
duplicated . clone
duplicates . corresponding
duplicating . corresponding
duplication . comparison
duplications . comparison
duplicity . fraud
duplicities . fraud
duplify . grow
duplified . grow
duplifying . grow
durability . heart
durabilities . heart
durableness . integrity
durably . strongly
durance . custody
durances . custody
durations . extent
duress . control
duresses . control
durum . grass
durums . grass
dusk . sunset
duskiness . darkness
dusks . sunset
dusted . spray
duster . amber
dusters . moisture
dusty . dirty
dustier . dirty
dustiest . dirty
dusts . dirt
dustup . debate
dustups . debate
duteously . correctly
duteousness . accordance
dutiable . payable
dutifully . correctly
dutifulness . accordance
duvet . cover
dwarf . baby
dwarfed . check
dwarfer . baby
dwarfest . baby
dwarfing . baby
dwarfish . short
dwarfs . baby
dwarves . baby
dwell . exist
dwelled . exist
dweller . resident
dwellers . resident
dwelling . habitat
dwellings . habitat
dwells . exist
dwelt . exist
dwindle . decline
dwindled . decline
dwindles . decline
dwindling . decline
eager . intent
eagerly . actively
eagers . flow
earful . advice
earfuls . advice
earliness . lead
earls . bishop
earmark . attribute
earmarked . label
earmarking . attribute
earmarkings . donation
earmarks . attribute
earnestly . seriously
earnestness . intensity
earnests . explanation
earning . acquire
earns . acquire
earring . bracelet
earshot . area
earshots . area
earthenware . pottery
earthy . simple
earthier . simple
earthiest . simple
earthly . physical
earthlier . physical
earthliest . physical
earthling . man
earthlings . man
earthquake . shock
earthquakes . shock
earths . dust
earthward . falling
earthwork . dam
earthworks . dam
eased . calm
easel . frame
easels . frame
easement . access
easements . access
easer . clear
eases . calm
easiest . accessible
easygoing . casual
easygoingness . efficiency
easiness . ability
easinesses . ability
easing . calm
eatable . delicious
eatables . nutrition
eaten . attack
eatery . bar
eateries . bar
eatings . consumption
eats . meals
eave . rim
eaves . rim
eavesdrop . bug
eavesdropped . bug
eavesdropping . bug
eavesdrops . bug
ebb . decrease
ebbed . decrease
ebbing . decrease
ebbs . decrease
ebon . dark
ebonize . cloud
ebonized . cloud
ebonizes . cloud
ebonizing . cloud
ebullience . animation
ebullition . crash
ebullitions . crash
eccentric . bizarre
eccentrics . bizarre
ecclesiast . bishop
ecclesiastic . divine
ecclesiastics . divine
echelon . degree
echelons . degree
echinated . complicated
echoed . mirror
echoes . parallel
echoing . mirror
eclair . bread
eclairs . bread
eclectic . broad
eclipsed . cloud
eclipses . decline
eclipsing . decline
ecliptic . band
ecliptics . band
ecologies . conservation
economical . efficient
economies . care
economize . manage
economized . manage
economizes . manage
economizing . manage
ecosphere . atmosphere
ecru . tan
ecrus . tan
ecstasy . happiness
ecstasies . happiness
ecstasize . charm
ecstatic . crazy
ectype . carbon
ectypes . carbon
ectoderm . leather
ectoderms . leather
ectopic . removed
ecumenical . comprehensive
eddied . alternate
eddying . alternate
eden . garden
edentulate . flat
edged . boundary
edgeless . round
edgeways . side
edgy . excited
edgier . excited
edgiest . excited
edginess . anxiety
edginesses . anxiety
edging . boundary
edgings . boundary
edible . fit
edibles . food
edict . directive
edicts . directive
edify . improve
edification . enhancement
edifice . building
edifices . building
edified . improve
edifies . improve
edifying . improving
editorials . article
edits . alter
educate . develop
educated . accomplished
educates . develop
educating . develop
educationist . instructor
educations . culture
educator . instructor
educe . develop
educed . develop
educes . develop
educing . develop
edulcorate . clean
edulcorated . clean
edulcorating . clean
eerie . awesome
eerier . awesome
eeriest . awesome
efface . cancel
effaced . cancel
effaces . cancel
effacing . cancel
effected . achieve
effecting . achieve
effectual . effective
effectuality . capability
effectually . basically
effectualness . capability
effectuate . achieve
effectuated . achieve
effectuates . achieve
effectuating . achieve
effectuation . achievement
effervesce . bubble
effervesced . bubble
effervesces . bubble
effervescing . bubble
effeteness . disease
efficacy . effectiveness
efficacies . effectiveness
efficacious . effective
efficaciously . completely
efficaciousness . capability
efficiencies . ability
effigy . figure
effigies . figure
effloresce . flower
effloresced . flower
efflorescence . developing
effloresces . flower
efflorescing . flower
effluence . discharge
effluences . discharge
effluent . discharge
effluents . discharge
effluvia . exhaust
effluvium . exhaust
effluviums . exhaust
efflux . discharge
effluxes . discharge
effortlessness . facility
effrontery . assurance
effronteries . assurance
effuse . discharge
effused . discharge
effuses . discharge
effusing . discharge
effusion . address
effusions . address
egad . er
egads . er
egalitarian . democratic
egalitarianism . equality
egest . eliminate
egested . eliminate
egesting . eliminate
egests . eliminate
egged . bug
egghead . brain
eggheaded . bold
eggheads . brain
egging . bug
egis . aid
egises . aid
ego . character
egoism . assurance
egos . character
egotism . pride
egregious . extreme
egress . departure
egressed . arise
egresses . departure
egressing . arise
egression . departure
eiderdown . cover
eidola . dream
eidolic . weird
eidolon . dream
eidolons . dream
eyeball . analysis
eyeballed . followed
eyeballing . consider
eyeballs . analysis
eyebrow . face
eyebrows . face
eyeful . beauty
eyefuls . beauty
eyeglasses . specs
eyehole . opening
eyeholes . opening
eyeing . scan
eyelash . bit
eyelashes . bit
eyelet . curve
eyelets . curve
eyen . feeling
eyeopener . account
eyeshot . appearance
eyeshots . appearance
eyesight . perception
eyesights . perception
eyesore . dump
eyesores . dump
eyeteeth . ivory
eyetooth . ivory
eyewash . honey
eyewashes . honey
eyewitness . observer
eyewitnesses . observer
eying . scan
eyne . feeling
einstein . quick
ejaculate . come
ejaculated . come
ejaculates . come
ejaculating . come
ejaculation . discharge
ejaculations . discharge
ejaculatory . vocal
eject . discharge
ejected . discharge
ejecting . discharge
ejection . removal
ejections . removal
ejects . discharge
elaborate . busy
elaborated . comment
elaborateness . complexity
elaborates . comment
elaborating . comment
elaboration . comment
elaborations . comment
elapse . flow
elapsed . flow
elapses . flow
elapsing . flow
elastic . flexible
elasticity . flexibility
elasticities . flexibility
elate . encourage
elated . excited
elates . encourage
elating . encourage
elation . joy
elations . joy
elbow . joint
elbowed . joint
elbowing . joint
elbowroom . edge
elbows . joint
eld . past
elders . senior
eldership . preference
eldest . aged
elds . past
elect . accept
electing . accept
electioneer . contest
electioneered . contest
electioneering . voting
electioneers . contest
elective . voluntary
electrify . charge
electrified . live
electrifies . charge
electrifying . charge
electrocution . hanging
electrocutioner . killer
electrocutions . hanging
electrode . plate
electrodes . plate
electrolier . crown
electrolyze . determine
electrolyzed . determine
electrolyzing . determine
electrons . heat
electroplate . bronze
electroplated . bronze
electroplates . bronze
electroplating . bronze
elects . accept
elegance . charm
elegances . charm
elegiac . sad
elemental . elementary
elementariness . clarity
elenchi . argument
elenchus . argument
elevate . raise
elevated . animated
elevates . raise
elevating . raise
elevation . mountain
elevations . mountain
elfins . gnome
elicit . extract
elicitation . excerpt
elicited . extract
eliciting . extract
elicits . extract
elide . cancel
elided . cancel
elides . cancel
eliding . cancel
eligibilities . ability
eliminated . cancel
eliminates . cancel
eliminating . cancel
elimination . destruction
eliminations . destruction
eliminator . soldier
eliminators . soldier
elysian . divine
elision . blank
elisions . blank
elysium . cool
elites . celebrity
elixir . extract
elixirs . extract
ell . affiliate
ellipse . path
ellipses . path
ellipsoidal . oval
elliptic . rough
ells . affiliate
elocution . delivery
elongate . draw
elongated . expanded
elongates . draw
elongating . draw
elongation . expansion
elongations . expansion
elope . escape
eloped . escape
elopement . departure
elopements . departure
elopes . escape
eloping . escape
eloquence . passion
eloquent . affecting
elucidate . clear
elucidated . clear
elucidates . clear
elucidating . clear
elucidation . commentary
elucidations . commentary
elude . dodge
eluded . dodge
eludes . dodge
eluding . dodge
elusion . prevention
elusions . prevention
elusiveness . departure
elutriate . clean
elutriated . clean
elutriating . clean
emaciate . decrease
emaciates . decrease
emaciating . decrease
emaciation . consumption
emanate . arise
emanated . arise
emanates . arise
emanating . arise
emanation . beginning
emanations . beginning
emancipate . deliver
emancipated . deliver
emancipates . deliver
emancipating . deliver
emancipation . independence
emancipations . independence
emasculate . alter
emasculated . alter
emasculates . alter
emasculating . alter
embalm . prepare
embalmed . prepare
embalming . prepare
embalms . prepare
embankment . hill
embankments . hill
embargo . ban
embargoed . ban
embargoes . ban
embargoing . ban
embark . enter
embarkation . birth
embarkations . birth
embarked . enter
embarking . enter
embarkment . harbor
embarks . enter
embarrass . puzzle
embarrasses . puzzle
embarrassing . difficult
embarrassment . confusion
embarrassments . confusion
embassies . commission
embattle . arm
embattled . fighting
embattlement . tower
embattles . arm
embattling . arm
embed . fix
embedding . fix
embeds . fix
embellish . array
embellished . array
embellishes . array
embellishing . array
embellishment . enhancement
embellishments . enhancement
ember . ash
embers . ash
embezzle . appropriate
embezzled . appropriate
embezzlement . fraud
embezzlements . fraud
embezzler . criminal
embezzlers . criminal
embezzles . appropriate
embezzling . appropriate
embitter . anger
embittering . anger
embitterment . anger
embitterments . anger
embitters . anger
emblaze . array
emblazed . array
emblazes . array
emblazing . array
emblazon . paint
emblazoned . paint
emblazoning . paint
emblazonry . coat
emblazons . paint
emblem . banner
emblematic . typical
emblematize . contain
emblematized . contain
emblematizing . contain
emblems . banner
embody . demonstrate
embodied . demonstrate
embodies . demonstrate
embodying . demonstrate
embodiment . avatar
embodiments . avatar
embolden . boost
emboldened . boost
emboldening . boost
emboldens . boost
emboli . closure
embolus . closure
emboss . stamp
embossed . stamp
embosses . stamp
embossing . stamp
embouchement . box
embrace . fold
embraced . fold
embracement . hold
embraces . fold
embracing . fold
embracive . comprehensive
embrangle . involve
embrangled . involve
embrangling . involve
embrasure . angle
embrasures . angle
embryo . egg
embryology . analysis
embryologies . analysis
embryos . egg
embrocation . cream
embrocations . cream
embroider . color
embroidered . color
embroidery . lace
embroideries . lace
embroidering . color
embroiders . color
embroil . involve
embroiled . involve
embroiling . involve
embroilment . argument
embroilments . argument
embroils . involve
embus . catch
embussed . catch
embussing . catch
emcee . moderator
emceed . act
emceeing . act
emcees . moderator
emeer . royalty
emeers . royalty
emend . alter
emendation . change
emendations . change
emended . alter
emending . alter
emends . alter
emerald . forest
emeralds . forest
emerge . appear
emerged . appear
emergence . development
emergences . development
emergencies . accident
emerges . appear
emerita . elderly
emeritus . elderly
emigrant . alien
emigrants . alien
emigrate . quit
emigrated . quit
emigrates . quit
emigrating . quit
emigration . crossing
emigrations . crossing
eminence . authority
eminences . authority
eminent . distinguished
eminently . extremely
emir . governor
emirs . governor
emissary . messenger
emissaries . messenger
emit . beam
emits . beam
emitted . beam
emitting . beam
emollient . healing
emollients . healing
emolument . compensation
emoluments . compensation
emote . act
emoted . act
emotes . act
emoting . act
emotion . anger
emotionable . emotional
emotionalism . attitude
empathetic . sensitive
empathy . appreciation
empathies . appreciation
empathize . imagine
empathized . imagine
empathizes . imagine
empathizing . imagine
empennage . rear
empennages . rear
emperor . king
emperors . king
emphases . attention
emphasize . highlight
emphasized . highlight
emphasizes . highlight
emphasizing . highlight
emphatic . confident
emphatically . absolutely
empyrean . paradise
empires . authority
empiric . experimental
empirical . experimental
empirics . actor
emplace . arrange
emplaced . arrange
emplacement . location
emplacements . location
emplaces . arrange
emplacing . arrange
emplane . catch
emplaned . catch
emplanes . catch
emplaning . catch
employ . apply
employing . apply
employments . business
employs . apply
emporia . mall
emporium . mall
emporiums . mall
empower . allow
empowered . allow
empowering . allow
empowerment . acceptance
empowers . allow
empress . princess
empressement . hospitality
empressements . hospitality
empresses . princess
emptied . clear
emptier . bare
empties . bare
emptiest . bare
emptying . clear
emptiness . vacuum
emptor . client
ems . rescue
emulate . mirror
emulated . mirror
emulates . mirror
emulating . mirror
emulation . simulation
emulations . simulation
emulator . competition
emulators . competition
emulsified . confused
emulsion . color
emulsions . color
enabler . coordinator
enact . achieve
enacted . achieve
enacting . achieve
enactment . achievement
enactments . achievement
enacts . achieve
enamel . finish
enameled . smooth
enameling . covering
enamelled . bronze
enamelling . bronze
enamels . finish
enamelware . ceramic
enamor . please
enamored . devoted
enamoredness . fancy
enamoring . please
enamors . please
enamour . attract
enamoured . crazy
enamouring . attract
enamours . attract
encamp . quarter
encamped . quarter
encamping . quarter
encampment . site
encampments . site
encamps . quarter
encapsulate . box
encapsulated . box
encapsulates . box
encapsulating . box
encase . bundle
encases . bundle
encasing . bundle
encephala . head
encephalon . head
enchain . attach
enchained . attach
enchaining . attach
enchains . attach
enchant . charm
enchanting . lovely
enchantment . charm
enchantments . charm
enchants . charm
enchase . burn
enchased . burn
enchases . burn
enchasing . illustration
enchiridia . cookbook
enchiridion . cookbook
enchiridions . cookbook
encyclopedias . compilation
encyclopedic . extensive
encipher . analyze
enciphered . analyze
enciphering . analyze
enciphers . analyze
encircle . band
encircled . band
encirclement . closure
encirclements . closure
encircles . band
encircling . band
enclave . isle
enclaved . circle
enclaves . isle
enclaving . circle
enclose . insert
enclosed . buried
encloses . insert
enclosing . insert
enclosure . pen
enclosures . pen
encomia . praise
encomium . praise
encomiums . praise
encompass . circle
encompassed . circle
encompasses . circle
encompassing . surrounding
encompassment . formation
encore . cheers
encores . cheers
encountered . bear
encountering . bear
encounters . interview
encouragement . assistance
encouragements . assistance
encourager . advocate
encouragers . advocate
encourages . boost
encouragingly . hopefully
encrypt . code
encrypting . code
encroach . appropriate
encroached . appropriate
encroaches . appropriate
encroaching . appropriate
encroachment . invasion
encroachments . invasion
encrust . cover
encrustation . coat
encrusted . faced
encrusting . cover
encrusts . cover
encumber . block
encumbered . block
encumbering . block
encumbers . block
encumbrance . cross
encumbrances . cross
endanger . chance
endangered . threatened
endangering . chance
endangerment . hazard
endangerments . hazard
endangers . chance
endear . attach
endeared . attach
endearing . winning
endearment . love
endearments . love
endears . attach
endeavor . aim
endeavored . address
endeavoring . address
endeavors . aim
endemic . local
endemics . disease
ender . closing
endings . closure
endless . constant
endogenous . internal
endorse . advocate
endorsed . approved
endorsement . advocacy
endorsements . advocacy
endorser . recorder
endorsers . recorder
endorses . advocate
endorsing . advocate
endow . donate
endowed . equipped
endowing . donate
endowment . donation
endowments . donation
endows . donate
endue . award
endued . award
endues . award
enduing . award
endurance . ability
endure . encounter
endured . encounter
endures . encounter
endwise . closing
enema . dose
enemas . dose
enemies . agent
energetic . active
energies . efficiency
energize . strengthen
energized . strengthen
energizer . drug
energizers . drug
energizes . strengthen
energizing . activation
enervate . disable
enervated . spent
enervates . disable
enervating . disable
enervative . tired
enfeeble . disable
enfeebled . disable
enfeebles . disable
enfeebling . disable
enfetter . attach
enfettered . attach
enfettering . attach
enfetters . attach
enfilade . blast
enfiladed . clear
enfilades . blast
enfilading . clear
enflame . grill
enflamed . grill
enflames . grill
enflaming . grill
enfold . cover
enfolded . cover
enfolding . cover
enfolds . cover
enforce . apply
enforced . imposed
enforces . apply
enforcible . constitutional
enforcing . apply
enfranchise . free
enfranchised . free
enfranchisement . authorization
enfranchisements . authorization
enfranchises . free
enfranchising . free
engagements . commitment
engages . book
engaging . attractive
engagingness . charm
engender . breed
engendered . breed
engendering . breed
engenderment . breeding
engenders . breed
engild . coat
engilded . coat
engilding . coat
engilds . coat
engineered . arrange
englut . down
engluts . down
englutted . down
englutting . down
engorge . down
engorged . down
engorgement . advance
engorges . down
engorging . down
engraft . insert
engrafted . insert
engrafting . insert
engrafts . insert
engrave . burn
engraven . burn
engraver . artist
engravers . artist
engraves . burn
engraving . illustration
engravings . illustration
engross . apply
engrossed . engaged
engrosses . apply
engrossing . exciting
engrossment . attention
engulf . flood
engulfed . flood
engulfing . flood
engulfs . flood
enhancements . improvement
enhances . appreciate
enhancing . appreciate
enhearten . encourage
enigma . puzzle
enigmas . puzzle
enigmata . puzzle
enigmatical . curious
enisle . hide
enisled . hide
enisles . hide
enisling . hide
enjoyable . delicious
enjoyableness . approval
enjoyably . perfectly
enjoyer . buyer
enjoyers . buyer
enjoying . appreciate
enjoyment . fun
enjoyments . fun
enjoin . advise
enjoinder . ban
enjoinders . ban
enjoined . advise
enjoining . advise
enjoinment . ban
enjoins . advise
enjoys . appreciate
enkindle . burn
enkindled . burn
enkindles . burn
enkindling . burn
enlace . blend
enlaced . blend
enlaces . blend
enlacing . blend
enlarged . expanded
enlargements . growth
enlarges . boost
enlighten . advise
enlightened . reasonable
enlightening . instructional
enlightenment . insight
enlightenments . insight
enlightens . advise
enlist . admit
enlisted . engaged
enlisting . admit
enlistment . enrollment
enlistments . enrollment
enlists . admit
enliven . spice
enlivened . spice
enlivening . exciting
enlivenment . joy
enlivenments . joy
enlivens . spice
enmesh . catch
enmeshed . catch
enmeshes . catch
enmeshing . catch
enmity . hate
enmities . hate
ennoble . praise
ennobled . praise
ennoblement . praise
ennoblements . praise
ennobles . praise
ennobling . praise
ennui . blues
ennuis . blues
enormity . horror
enormities . horror
enormous . excessive
enormously . extremely
enoughs . adequate
enounce . say
enounced . say
enounces . say
enouncing . say
enquire . analyze
enquired . analyze
enquires . analyze
enquiring . analyze
enrage . anger
enraged . angry
enragement . anger
enrages . anger
enraging . anger
enrapt . aware
enrapture . attract
enraptured . attract
enraptures . attract
enrapturing . attract
enrich . develop
enriched . enhanced
enriches . develop
enriching . develop
enrichment . enhancement
enrichments . enhancement
enring . band
enringed . band
enringing . band
enrobe . dress
enrobed . dress
enrobes . dress
enrobing . dress
enroll . accept
enrolling . accept
enrollments . admission
enrolls . accept
enroot . advance
enrooted . advance
enrooting . advance
enroots . advance
ensample . chart
ensamples . chart
ensanguined . open
ensconce . cache
ensconced . cache
ensconces . cache
ensconcing . cache
ensembles . band
ensepulcher . deposit
ensepulchered . deposit
ensepulchering . deposit
enshrine . preserve
enshrined . preserve
enshrinement . chapel
enshrinements . chapel
enshrines . preserve
enshrining . preserve
enshroud . hide
enshrouded . hide
enshrouding . hide
enshrouds . hide
ensign . banner
ensigns . banner
enslave . capture
enslaved . capture
enslaves . capture
enslaving . capture
ensnare . cheat
ensnared . cheat
ensnares . cheat
ensnaring . cheat
ensnarl . involve
ensnarled . involve
ensnarling . involve
ensnarls . involve
ensorcel . charm
ensorceled . charm
ensorceling . charm
ensorcell . control
ensorcels . charm
ensphere . belt
ensphered . belt
enspheres . belt
ensphering . belt
ensue . arise
ensued . arise
ensues . arise
ensuing . coming
ensuingly . eventually
ensured . assure
ensures . assure
enswathe . cover
enswathed . cover
enswathes . cover
enswathing . cover
entail . involve
entailed . involve
entailing . involve
entailment . result
entailments . result
entails . involve
entangle . burden
entangled . burden
entanglement . association
entanglements . association
entangles . burden
entangling . burden
entente . arrangement
ententes . arrangement
enteralgia . pain
enters . arrive
entertain . charm
entertained . received
entertainer . artist
entertainers . artist
entertaining . affecting
entertainments . ball
entertains . charm
enthrall . charm
enthralled . charm
enthralling . interesting
enthrallment . attention
enthrallments . attention
enthralls . charm
enthrone . adopt
enthroned . divine
enthrones . adopt
enthroning . adopt
enthuse . affect
enthused . excited
enthuses . affect
enthusiasm . energy
enthusiasms . energy
enthusiast . fan
enthusiastic . concerned
enthusiastically . rapidly
enthusiasts . fan
enthusing . affect
entice . attract
enticed . attract
enticement . attraction
enticements . attraction
entices . attract
enticing . winning
entify . appear
entireness . stability
entirety . aggregate
entireties . aggregate
entitle . call
entitlement . authorization
entitles . call
entitling . call
entomb . inter
entombed . inter
entombing . inter
entombment . funeral
entombments . funeral
entombs . inter
entourage . associates
entourages . associates
entrada . crew
entradas . crew
entrain . catch
entrained . appointed
entraining . catch
entrains . catch
entrammel . check
entranced . attract
entrancement . consideration
entrancements . consideration
entrances . access
entranceway . passage
entrant . entry
entrants . entry
entrap . bag
entrapment . catch
entrapments . catch
entrapped . bag
entrapping . bag
entraps . bag
entreat . ask
entreated . ask
entreaty . appeal
entreaties . appeal
entreating . ask
entreatment . appeal
entreats . ask
entree . admission
entrees . admission
entrench . define
entrenched . firm
entrenches . define
entrenching . define
entrenchment . assault
entrenchments . assault
entrepot . cache
entrepots . cache
entrepreneurs . administrator
entrepreneurship . enterprise
entryway . portal
entryways . portal
entropy . collapse
entropies . collapse
entrust . assign
entrusted . assign
entrusting . assign
entrustment . confidence
entrusts . assign
entwine . lace
entwined . lace
entwines . lace
entwining . lace
enucleate . demonstrate
enucleated . demonstrate
enucleating . demonstrate
enucleation . section
enumerate . calculate
enumerated . calculate
enumerates . calculate
enumerating . calculate
enumeration . catalog
enumerations . catalog
enunciate . outline
enunciated . outline
enunciates . outline
enunciating . outline
envelop . wrap
enveloped . wrap
envelopes . bag
enveloping . wrap
envelops . wrap
envenom . anger
envenomed . anger
envenoming . anger
envenoms . anger
envy . opposition
enviable . excellent
envied . desire
envies . opposition
envying . opposition
environ . limit
environed . limit
environing . limit
environs . bound
envisage . consider
envision . realize
envoy . minister
envoys . minister
enwrap . engage
enwrapped . engage
enwrapping . engage
enwraps . engage
enzymatic . synthetic
enzyme . incentive
enzymes . incentive
eo . dawn
eolith . trace
eoliths . trace
eon . ages
eons . ages
eos . dawn
epee . knife
epees . knife
ephemera . client
ephemerae . client
ephemeral . brief
ephemerality . being
ephemeralities . being
ephemeras . client
ephemerides . calendar
ephemeris . calendar
epic . legend
epicarp . cover
epicarps . cover
epicenter . headquarters
epicenters . headquarters
epics . legend
epicurean . gourmet
epicureanism . pleasure
epicureans . gourmet
epidemic . general
epidemics . general
epidermis . wool
epigastria . belly
epigastrium . belly
epigram . joke
epigrammatist . card
epigrams . joke
epigraph . code
epigraphs . code
epilepsy . attack
epilepsies . attack
epilogue . conclusion
epilogues . conclusion
epiphany . flash
epiphanies . announcement
episcopacy . see
episcopacies . see
episcopate . see
episcopates . see
epistle . card
epistler . reporter
epistlers . reporter
epistles . card
epistolarian . reporter
epistolize . answer
epistolized . answer
epistolizing . answer
epitaph . legend
epitaphs . legend
epithet . description
epithets . description
epitome . essence
epitomes . essence
epitomize . represent
epitomized . represent
epitomizes . represent
epitomizing . represent
epizootic . taking
epoch . age
epochal . periodic
epochs . age
epode . composition
epodes . composition
eponym . brand
eponyms . brand
epoxy . sand
epoxies . sand
equability . routine
equableness . equality
equaled . balanced
equaling . compare
equalitarianism . equality
equalities . coordination
equalization . comparison
equalize . adjust
equalized . adjust
equalizer . hardware
equalizers . hardware
equalizes . adjust
equalizing . adjust
equalled . compare
equalling . compare
equals . equivalent
equanimity . assurance
equanimous . composed
equatability . balance
equate . associate
equated . associate
equates . associate
equating . associate
equator . arc
equatorial . central
equators . arc
equerry . youth
equerries . youth
equestrian . rider
equestrians . rider
equidistance . heart
equilibria . stability
equilibrium . stability
equilibriums . stability
equine . horse
equines . horse
equip . arm
equipage . equipment
equipages . equipment
equipments . furnishings
equipoised . balance
equipoising . balance
equipollent . equal
equiponderate . compare
equiponderated . compare
equiponderating . compare
equipotential . equal
equipping . arm
equips . arm
equitable . decent
equitably . correctly
equities . integrity
equivalence . agreement
equivalences . agreement
equivalently . fairly
equivalents . comparable
equivocacy . doubt
equivocacies . doubt
equivocate . con
equivocated . con
equivocates . con
equivocating . con
equivocation . con
equivocations . con
equivocator . cheat
equivocators . cheat
eradicate . eliminate
eradicated . eliminate
eradicates . eliminate
eradicating . eliminate
eradication . destruction
eradications . destruction
eradicative . toxic
eradicator . radiation
eradicators . radiation
eras . age
erase . delete
erased . delete
erases . delete
erasing . delete
erect . firm
erected . raised
erectile . firm
erecting . construct
erectness . honor
erects . firm
eremite . priest
eremites . priest
erewhile . already
ergonomic . appropriate
erode . destroy
eroded . destroy
erodes . destroy
eroding . destroy
erogenous . romantic
erosion . decrease
erosions . decrease
erotic . romantic
erotica . dirt
erotism . passion
erotisms . passion
err . blow
errand . assignment
errands . assignment
errata . correction
erratas . correction
erratic . bizarre
erratum . error
erred . blow
erring . wrong
erroneous . false
erroneousness . error
errs . blow
ers . hello
ersatz . fake
ersatzes . carbon
erstwhile . once
eruct . discharge
eructate . discharge
eructated . discharge
eructates . discharge
eructating . discharge
eructed . discharge
eructing . discharge
eructs . discharge
erudition . culture
erupt . appear
erupted . appear
erupting . appear
eruption . blast
eruptions . blast
eruptive . hazardous
erupts . appear
escadrille . fleet
escadrilles . fleet
escalade . arise
escaladed . arise
escalades . arise
escalading . arise
escalate . expand
escalated . expand
escalates . expand
escalating . expand
escalation . growth
escalations . growth
escallop . brown
escalloped . brown
escalloping . brown
escallops . brown
escapade . trick
escapades . trick
escaped . free
escapement . flight
escapements . flight
escapes . departure
escaping . avoid
escapism . prevention
escapisms . prevention
escarpment . hill
escarpments . hill
eschew . avoid
eschewal . prevention
eschewals . prevention
eschewed . avoid
eschewing . avoid
eschews . avoid
escort . companion
escorted . bring
escorting . bring
escritoire . secretary
escritoires . secretary
escrow . bond
escrows . bond
escutcheon . arms
escutcheons . arms
esker . ridge
eskers . ridge
esne . dependent
esp . insight
espadrille . shoe
espadrilles . shoe
espalier . framework
espaliers . framework
espy . detect
espial . attention
espials . attention
espied . detect
espies . detect
espying . detect
espionage . intelligence
esplanade . avenue
esplanades . avenue
espousal . bridal
espousals . bridal
espouse . adopt
espoused . adopt
espouses . adopt
espousing . adopt
espresso . ink
espressos . ink
esprit . intelligence
esq . man
esquire . man
esquires . man
essayed . aim
essaying . article
essayist . composer
essayists . composer
essences . aspect
essentia . character
essentiality . being
essentialities . being
essentialness . being
establishable . absolute
establisher . architect
establishes . base
establishments . formation
estates . area
esteem . appreciate
esteemed . appreciate
esteeming . appreciate
esteems . appreciate
esthetic . beautiful
estimation . appraisal
estimations . appraisal
estoc . blade
estocs . blade
estrange . divorce
estranged . divorce
estrangement . separation
estrangements . separation
estranges . divorce
estranging . divorce
estuary . arm
estuaries . arm
etcetera . extras
etceteras . extras
etch . stamp
etched . stamp
etcher . artist
etchers . artist
etches . stamp
etching . reproduction
etchings . reproduction
eternalize . preserve
eternalized . preserve
eternalizing . preserve
eternally . forever
eternity . age
eternities . age
eternize . preserve
eternized . preserve
eternizes . preserve
eternizing . preserve
ethanol . drink
ethanols . drink
ether . paradise
ethereal . sublime
ethereally . easily
etherize . check
etherized . check
etherizes . check
etherizing . check
ethic . integrity
ethically . properly
ethicize . refine
ethicized . refine
ethicizes . refine
ethicizing . refine
ethnicity . race
ethnology . development
ethnologic . animal
ethnological . genetic
ethological . animal
ethos . spirit
ethoses . spirit
etyma . development
etymology . development
etymologies . development
etymon . development
etymons . development
etiolate . exhaust
etiolated . exhaust
etiolates . exhaust
etiolating . exhaust
etiology . analysis
etiologies . analysis
etiquette . amenities
etiquettes . amenities
eucharist . mass
eucharists . mass
eudaemonia . comfort
eugenic . historical
eugenics . constitution
euglena . cell
euglenas . cell
eulogy . citation
eulogies . citation
eulogize . celebrate
eulogized . celebrate
eulogizes . celebrate
eulogizing . celebrate
eunuchize . alter
eunuchized . alter
eunuchizing . alter
eupepsia . metabolism
eupepsias . metabolism
euphemism . inflation
euphemisms . inflation
euphony . rhythm
euphonies . rhythm
euphoria . joy
euphorias . joy
euphoric . drunk
euphuistic . extended
eupnea . animation
eupneas . animation
eureka . shock
evacuate . desert
evacuated . desert
evacuates . desert
evacuating . desert
evacuation . discharge
evacuations . discharge
evacuee . traveler
evacuees . traveler
evade . avoid
evaded . avoid
evades . avoid
evading . avoid
evaginate . shift
evaginated . shift
evaginating . shift
evaluates . assess
evaluations . appraisal
evaluator . authority
evaluators . authority
evangelic . religious
evangelical . religious
evangelism . teaching
evangelist . minister
evangelistic . religious
evangelists . minister
evangelizer . divine
evanish . clear
evanished . clear
evanishes . clear
evanishing . clear
evaporate . clear
evaporated . clear
evaporates . clear
evaporating . clear
evaporation . escape
evaporations . escape
evasion . dodge
evasions . dodge
evasive . false
evened . balanced
evener . balanced
evenhanded . balanced
evenhandedly . correctly
evenhandedness . confidence
evenings . black
evenly . constantly
evenness . equality
evennesses . equality
evens . balanced
evensong . prayer
evensongs . prayer
eventful . exciting
eventide . eve
eventides . eve
eventual . possible
eventuality . probability
eventualities . probability
eventualize . appear
eventuate . end
eventuated . end
eventuates . end
eventuating . end
eventuation . change
eventuations . change
evergreen . pine
evergreens . pine
everyman . anybody
everymen . anybody
everywheres . anywhere
everlasting . eternal
everlastingly . constantly
evermore . forever
evert . alter
everted . turned
everting . alter
everts . alter
eves . night
evict . chase
evicted . chase
evicting . chase
eviction . removal
evictions . removal
evicts . chase
evidenced . demonstrate
evidences . confirmation
evidencing . demonstrate
evident . obvious
evidently . obviously
evildoer . criminal
evildoers . criminal
evildoing . corruption
evils . corruption
evince . demonstrate
evinced . demonstrate
evinces . demonstrate
evincible . obvious
evincing . demonstrate
evocator . medium
evocators . medium
evoke . recall
evoked . recall
evokes . recall
evoking . recall
evolutionary . developmental
evolutions . change
evolve . expand
evolved . expand
evolves . expand
evolving . expand
evulse . break
evulsion . drawing
evulsions . drawing
ewer . vessel
ewers . vessel
exacerbate . increase
exacerbated . increase
exacerbates . increase
exacerbating . increase
exacted . extract
exacting . precise
exactingness . gravity
exaction . call
exactions . call
exactitude . precision
exactness . truth
exacts . correct
exaggerate . boost
exaggerated . abstract
exaggeratedly . absolutely
exaggerates . boost
exaggerating . boost
exaggeration . excess
exaggerations . excess
exalt . advance
exaltation . glory
exaltations . glory
exalted . sublime
exaltedness . beauty
exalting . advance
exalts . advance
examinations . audit
examiner . inspector
examiners . inspector
examines . audit
examining . audit
exasperate . anger
exasperated . anger
exasperates . anger
exasperating . anger
exasperation . anger
excavate . cut
excavated . cut
excavates . cut
excavating . cut
excavation . dig
excavations . dig
exceeded . eclipse
exceeding . eclipse
exceedingly . extremely
exceeds . eclipse
excelled . beat
excellences . quality
excellency . benefit
excellencies . benefit
excels . beat
excepted . exclude
excepting . exclude
excepts . save
excerpted . choose
excerpting . extract
excerpts . extract
excesses . surplus
excessively . extremely
exchangeability . agreement
exchanged . changed
exchanging . swap
exchequer . gift
exchequers . gift
excise . customs
excised . edit
excises . customs
excising . customs
excision . cutting
excisions . cutting
excitability . error
excitabilities . error
excitant . desire
excitants . desire
excitation . action
excitations . action
excite . anger
excitedness . animation
excitement . adventure
excitements . adventure
excites . anger
exclaim . call
exclaimed . call
exclaiming . call
exclaims . call
exclamation . call
exclamations . call
exclave . area
exclaves . area
excludes . ban
exclusion . discharge
exclusionary . elegant
exclusions . discharge
exclusivity . difference
exclusory . elegant
excogitate . consider
excogitated . consider
excogitates . consider
excogitating . consider
excogitation . design
excommunicate . ban
excommunicated . ban
excommunicates . ban
excommunicating . ban
excommunication . removal
excommunications . removal
excoriate . scratch
excoriated . scratch
excoriates . scratch
excoriating . scratch
excorticate . scale
excorticated . scale
excorticating . scale
excrement . chips
excrements . chips
excrescence . enlargement
excrescences . enlargement
excrete . eliminate
excreted . eliminate
excretes . eliminate
excreting . eliminate
excretion . discharge
excretions . discharge
excruciate . hurt
excruciated . hurt
excruciating . acute
excruciation . pain
exculpate . clear
exculpated . clear
exculpates . clear
exculpating . clear
excurse . cruise
excursed . cruise
excursing . cruise
excursion . cruise
excursionist . traveler
excursionists . traveler
excursions . cruise
excursus . aside
excursuses . aside
excurvation . ear
excuse . substitute
excused . permitted
excuses . substitute
excusing . defend
exec . administrator
execs . administrator
executes . hang
executing . hang
executioner . killer
executioners . killer
executions . hanging
executor . administrator
executors . administrator
executrices . agent
executrix . agent
executrixes . agent
exegeses . analysis
exegesis . analysis
exegete . artist
exegetes . artist
exegetics . definition
exemplar . copy
exemplary . excellent
exemplars . copy
exemplify . demonstrate
exemplification . detail
exemplifications . detail
exemplified . demonstrate
exemplifies . demonstrate
exemplifying . demonstrate
exempted . immune
exempting . immune
exemption . discharge
exemptions . discharge
exempts . immune
exenterate . destroy
exenterated . destroy
exenterating . destroy
exercised . apply
exercising . apply
exert . apply
exerted . apply
exerting . apply
exertion . action
exertions . action
exertive . alive
exerts . apply
exfiltrate . eliminate
exfiltration . beat
exhalation . breath
exhalations . breath
exhale . discharge
exhaled . discharge
exhales . discharge
exhaling . discharge
exhausted . dead
exhausting . wearing
exhaustion . collapse
exhaustive . comprehensive
exhaustively . carefully
exhausts . disable
exhibited . displayed
exhibiting . advertise
exhibitionism . flashing
exhibitor . model
exhibitors . model
exhilarate . boost
exhilarated . animated
exhilarates . boost
exhilarating . exciting
exhilaration . joy
exhilarative . exciting
exhort . advise
exhortation . advice
exhortations . advice
exhorted . advise
exhorting . advise
exhorts . advise
exhume . reveal
exhumed . reveal
exhumes . reveal
exhuming . reveal
exigency . crisis
exigently . automatically
exiguity . absence
exiguities . absence
exiguousness . absence
exile . migration
exiled . transport
exiles . migration
exiling . migration
existed . continue
existences . presence
existent . existing
existential . observed
existents . existing
exited . blow
exiting . blow
exits . door
exocarp . cover
exocarps . cover
exodus . departure
exoduses . departure
exogenous . external
exonerate . discharge
exonerated . discharge
exonerates . discharge
exonerating . discharge
exorbitance . excess
exorbitantly . ever
exorcise . remove
exorcised . remove
exorciser . wizard
exorcisers . wizard
exorcises . remove
exorcising . remove
exorcism . ceremony
exorcisms . ceremony
exorcist . wizard
exorcists . wizard
exordia . addition
exordium . addition
exordiums . addition
exoteric . exterior
exotically . rarely
exoticness . charm
expands . develop
expanse . plain
expanses . plain
expansionism . development
expansions . development
expansive . extensive
expansively . generally
expatiate . develop
expatiated . develop
expatiates . develop
expatiating . develop
expatiation . lecture
expatiations . lecture
expectancy . assumption
expectancies . assumption
expectantly . actively
expectation . assumption
expecting . carrying
expects . forecast
expedience . accordance
expedient . practical
expediently . apparently
expedients . practical
expedite . assist
expedited . assist
expedites . assist
expediting . assist
expedition . crew
expeditionist . passenger
expeditions . crew
expeditious . efficient
expeditiousness . speed
expeditive . active
expel . remove
expelled . remove
expelling . remove
expels . remove
expend . blow
expended . blow
expending . blow
expends . blow
experiencing . appreciate
experient . experimental
experiential . experimental
experientialist . independent
experimentalize . analyze
experimentation . experiment
experimentations . experiment
experimented . analyze
experimenter . architect
experimenters . architect
experimenting . analyze
expertism . skill
expertness . art
expiate . amend
expiated . amend
expiates . amend
expiating . amend
expiation . contribution
expiations . contribution
expiration . termination
expirations . termination
expire . close
expired . close
expires . close
expiry . completion
expiries . completion
expiring . close
explainer . adapter
explainers . adapter
explaining . analyze
explanations . account
explanatory . analytical
explicability . accuracy
explicate . demonstrate
explicated . demonstrate
explicates . demonstrate
explicating . demonstrate
explication . account
explications . account
explicator . artist
explicators . artist
explicitly . especially
explicitness . clarity
explode . blast
exploded . blast
explodes . blast
exploding . blast
exploit . adventure
exploitation . using
exploitations . using
exploitative . illegal
exploiting . abuse
exploits . adventure
explorations . analysis
exploratory . prior
explored . analyze
explorers . pioneer
explores . analyze
explosion . blast
explosions . blast
explosive . hazardous
explosives . bomb
exponent . champion
exponential . aggressive
exponentials . aggressive
exponents . champion
exported . dump
exporter . broker
exporters . broker
exporting . dump
expos . appearance
exposal . admission
exposals . admission
expose . bare
exposedness . danger
exposes . bare
exposing . bare
exposition . account
expositions . account
expositor . artist
expositors . artist
expostulate . argue
expostulated . argue
expostulates . argue
expostulating . argue
expostulation . challenge
expostulations . challenge
exposures . disclosure
expound . explain
expounded . explain
expounder . advocate
expounders . advocate
expounding . explain
expounds . explain
expresses . communicate
expressing . communicate
expressive . artistic
expressly . specifically
exprobate . abuse
expropriate . annex
expropriated . annex
expropriates . annex
expropriating . annex
expulse . exclude
expulsed . exclude
expulses . exclude
expulsing . exclude
expulsion . discharge
expulsions . discharge
expunction . cancellation
expunge . delete
expunged . delete
expunges . delete
expunging . delete
expurgate . screen
expurgated . screen
expurgates . screen
expurgating . screen
expurgation . cleaning
expurgations . cleaning
exquisite . delicious
exquisitely . correctly
exquisiteness . evolution
exscind . delete
exscinded . delete
exscinding . delete
exscinds . delete
exsect . delete
exsected . delete
exsecting . delete
exsects . delete
extending . continuing
extensibility . compliance
extensibleness . compliance
extensional . consistent
extensity . area
extensively . largely
extensiveness . diameter
extentions . construction
extents . amount
extenuate . decrease
extenuated . decrease
extenuates . decrease
extenuating . reducing
extenuation . explanation
extenuations . explanation
extenuatory . saving
exteriority . area
exteriorization . representation
exteriorize . express
exteriorized . express
exteriorizing . express
exteriors . external
exterminate . destroy
exterminated . destroy
exterminates . destroy
exterminating . destroy
extermination . destruction
exterminations . destruction
exterminator . hunter
exterminators . hunter
externality . area
externalities . area
externalization . representation
externalize . express
externalized . express
externalizes . express
externalizing . express
externals . skin
extinction . destruction
extinctions . destruction
extinguish . out
extinguished . out
extinguishes . out
extinguishing . out
extirpate . eliminate
extirpated . eliminate
extirpates . eliminate
extirpating . eliminate
extirpation . destruction
extirpations . destruction
extirpative . toxic
extol . celebrate
extolled . celebrate
extolling . celebrate
extolment . glory
extols . celebrate
extort . exact
extorted . exact
extorting . exact
extortion . fraud
extortionist . criminal
extortionists . criminal
extortions . fraud
extorts . exact
extracted . exact
extracting . exact
extraction . drawing
extractions . drawing
extracts . excerpt
extradict . eliminate
extradicted . eliminate
extradicting . eliminate
extradite . arrest
extradited . arrest
extradites . arrest
extraditing . arrest
extralegal . prohibited
extramural . foreign
extraneous . additional
extraordinarily . extremely
extrapolate . assume
extrapolated . assume
extrapolates . assume
extrapolating . assume
extrapolation . calculation
extrapolations . calculation
extraterritorial . external
extravagance . excess
extravagances . excess
extravagancy . waste
extravagancies . waste
extravagant . bizarre
extravagantly . generally
extravaganza . spectacular
extravaganzas . spectacular
extravagate . snake
extravagated . snake
extravagating . snake
extravasate . discharge
extravasated . discharge
extravasating . discharge
extremer . acute
extremes . depth
extremest . acute
extremism . bias
extremist . radical
extremists . radical
extremity . border
extremities . border
extricate . extract
extricated . extract
extricates . extract
extricating . extract
extrication . assistance
extrications . assistance
extrovert . character
extroverts . character
extrude . boot
extruded . boot
extrudes . boot
extruding . boot
extrusion . discharge
extrusions . discharge
extrusive . outstanding
exuberance . spirit
exuberancy . animation
exuberant . animated
exudate . address
exudates . address
exudation . steam
exudations . steam
exude . discharge
exuded . discharge
exudes . discharge
exuding . discharge
exult . celebrate
exultation . glory
exulted . celebrate
exulting . celebrate
exults . celebrate
fable . fantasy
fabled . fabulous
fabler . cheat
fablers . cheat
fables . fantasy
fabricate . construct
fabricated . construct
fabricates . construct
fabricating . construct
fabrication . fiction
fabrications . fiction
fabrics . fiber
fabulously . especially
facade . color
facelifts . repair
faceoff . debate
facer . covered
facers . problem
facet . angle
faceted . rip
faceting . rip
facetiousness . happiness
facets . angle
facetted . rip
facetting . rip
facilely . easily
facilitated . aid
facilitates . aid
facilitating . aid
facilitation . aid
facilitations . aid
facilitator . coordinator
facings . covering
facsimile . replica
facsimiles . replica
faction . gang
factional . limited
factionalism . conflict
factions . gang
factorage . fee
factored . separate
factories . branch
factoring . separate
factual . accurate
factualism . accuracy
factuality . fact
factually . clear
factualness . fact
faculties . capability
fad . fantasy
faddish . attractive
faddism . faith
faddisms . faith
fade . clear
faded . worn
fades . clear
fading . dying
fads . fantasy
fag . smoke
fagged . tired
fagging . fail
fags . smoke
fay . gnome
failing . short
failings . error
failures . bankruptcy
faint . gentle
fainted . collapse
fainter . gentle
faintest . gentle
faintheart . baby
faintheartedness . chicken
fainting . collapse
faintly . easily
faintness . gap
faints . gentle
fairer . civil
fairest . civil
fairground . course
fairgrounds . course
fairy . gnome
fairies . gnome
fairyland . paradise
fairylands . paradise
fairish . decent
fairness . equity
fairnesses . equity
fairs . civil
fays . gnome
faithful . devoted
faithfulness . attachment
faithlessness . doubt
faiths . acceptance
faked . act
faker . fraud
fakery . dream
fakeries . dream
fakers . fraud
fakes . affected
faking . act
falchion . blade
falchions . blade
falconry . fishing
falconries . fishing
fallacy . bias
fallacies . bias
fallaciousness . error
fallback . withdrawal
fallbacks . withdrawal
fallings . debate
falloff . basin
falloffs . basin
fallow . virgin
falsehood . error
falsehoods . error
falseness . error
falser . fake
falsest . fake
falsify . fake
falsification . fiction
falsifications . fiction
falsifies . fake
falsifying . fake
falsity . error
falsities . error
falter . break
faltered . break
faltering . break
falters . break
famed . noted
fames . character
familial . genetic
familiarity . ease
familiarities . ease
familiarization . direction
familiarizations . direction
familiarize . adjust
familiarized . adjust
familiarizes . adjust
familiarizing . adjust
familiarly . personally
familiars . associate
famine . poverty
famines . poverty
famish . diet
famished . empty
famishes . diet
famishment . desire
famously . carefully
fanatic . radical
fanatical . violent
fanaticism . bias
fanatics . radical
fancied . believe
fancier . bug
fanciers . bug
fancies . imagination
fanciest . complicated
fanciful . bizarre
fancying . complicated
fanciness . toy
fandangle . accessory
fanfare . array
fanfares . array
fanlight . bay
fanlights . bay
fanned . cool
fanny . behind
fannies . behind
fanning . cool
fantasied . create
fantasies . fancy
fantasying . create
fantasize . imagine
fantasized . imagine
fantasizes . imagine
fantasizing . imagine
fantastical . bizarre
fantastically . rarely
fantoccini . doll
farce . comedy
farced . copy
farcer . comedy
farces . comedy
farcialize . act
farcical . funny
farcing . copy
fardel . merchandise
fardels . merchandise
fare . expense
fared . handle
fares . expense
farewell . ciao
farewells . ciao
farfetched . bizarre
fargoing . extensive
faring . handle
farmed . estate
farmhand . hand
farmhands . hand
farmhouse . ranch
farmhouses . ranch
farmings . agriculture
farmland . area
farmlands . area
farmstead . estate
farmsteads . estate
farness . absence
farnesses . absence
faroff . remote
farseeing . wise
farsighted . wise
fart . gas
farted . gas
farther . further
farthing . fourth
farthings . fourth
farting . gas
farts . gas
fascicle . bunch
fascicles . bunch
fascinate . attract
fascinated . excited
fascinates . attract
fascination . attraction
fascinations . attraction
fascistic . absolute
fashionable . contemporary
fashionableness . acceptance
fashioned . shaped
fashioner . architect
fashioners . architect
fashioning . build
fashions . form
fastball . oven
fastballs . oven
fasted . hot
fasten . attach
fastened . fixed
fastener . screw
fasteners . screw
fastening . hook
fastenings . hook
fastens . attach
fasthold . fort
fastidiousness . care
fastigia . cap
fastigium . cap
fastigiums . cap
fasting . diet
fastness . speed
fastnesses . speed
fasts . hot
fatalism . acceptance
fatalisms . acceptance
fatalistic . sad
fatality . accident
fatalities . accident
fateful . crucial
fates . chance
fathead . fool
fatheaded . simple
fatheads . fool
fathered . create
fathering . dad
fatherland . home
fatherlands . home
fathers . dad
fathom . appreciate
fathomage . bottom
fathomed . appreciate
fathoming . appreciate
fathoms . appreciate
fatigued . beat
fatiguing . wearing
fating . aim
fatness . inflation
fatnesses . inflation
fats . bulk
fatted . fat
fatten . expand
fattened . expand
fattening . expand
fattens . expand
fatter . big
fattest . big
fatty . rich
fattier . rich
fattiest . rich
fatting . fat
fatwood . wood
fauces . passage
faucet . valve
faucets . valve
faulted . alter
faulty . broken
faultier . broken
faultiest . broken
faultiness . lack
faulting . alter
faultlessness . evolution
faults . crime
faux . fake
favorable . encouraging
favorably . fairly
favored . preferred
favoring . facilitate
favoritism . discrimination
favors . aid
fawned . bow
fawner . amber
fawners . dependent
faxed . copy
faxes . copy
faxing . copy
faze . puzzle
fazed . puzzle
fazes . puzzle
fazing . puzzle
fealty . duty
fealties . duty
fearful . afraid
fearfulness . alarm
fearing . avoid
fearless . bold
fearlessness . heart
fears . anxiety
fearsome . awesome
feasibility . utility
feasibilities . utility
feasible . appropriate
feasibleness . utility
feasibly . maybe
feast . dinner
feasted . dinner
feasting . stuff
feasts . dinner
feat . adventure
feather . down
featherbrain . fool
feathering . add
feathers . down
featherweight . easy
featherweights . baby
feats . adventure
febricity . climate
fecklessness . depression
fecundation . breeding
fecundations . breeding
federacy . association
federacies . association
federate . league
federated . league
federates . league
federating . league
federations . association
feeble . weak
feebleness . disease
feebler . weak
feeblest . weak
feedbacks . assessment
feedbag . compensation
feedbags . compensation
feedings . grass
feedlot . pen
feedlots . pen
feeler . antenna
feelers . antenna
feign . act
feigned . affected
feigning . act
feigns . act
feint . blind
feinted . avoid
feinting . avoid
feints . blind
felicitate . praise
felicitated . praise
felicitates . praise
felicitating . praise
felicity . joy
felicities . joy
felicitous . telling
felicitously . easily
felicitousness . fitness
feline . lion
felines . lion
felled . drop
felling . drop
fellows . assistant
fellowships . alliance
fells . drop
felon . con
felony . assault
felonies . assault
felonry . syndicate
felonries . syndicate
felons . con
felted . felt
felting . felt
feminine . soft
femme . girl
femmes . girl
fence . bar
fenced . bar
fences . bar
fend . cover
fended . cover
fender . buffer
fenders . buffer
fending . cover
fends . cover
fenestella . bay
fenestra . bay
fenestrae . bay
fenestration . bay
fennel . fiber
fennels . fiber
feracity . productivity
feracities . productivity
ferine . violent
ferment . bacteria
fermented . bubble
fermenter . foam
fermenting . bacteria
ferments . bacteria
fern . cover
ferns . cover
ferociousness . depth
ferocity . violence
ferocities . violence
ferreted . raid
ferreting . raid
ferryboat . packet
ferryboats . packet
ferric . firm
ferried . carry
ferries . packet
ferrying . packet
ferrous . firm
ferrule . bar
ferruled . beat
ferrules . bar
fertile . productive
fertility . pregnancy
fertilities . pregnancy
fertilization . covering
fertilizations . covering
fertilize . breed
fertilized . breed
fertilizes . breed
fertilizing . breed
ferule . bat
feruled . beat
ferules . bat
feruling . beat
fervency . fire
fervencies . fire
fervent . emotional
fervently . actively
fervor . intensity
fervors . intensity
festal . pleasant
fester . gather
festered . gather
festering . gather
festers . gather
festinate . flash
festinated . flash
festinating . flash
festive . happy
festivity . festival
festivities . festival
festoon . deck
festooned . deck
festooning . deck
festoons . deck
fetch . carry
fetched . carry
fetches . carry
fetching . taking
fete . ball
feted . celebrate
fetes . ball
feticide . termination
feticides . termination
feting . ball
fetishes . bias
fetor . gas
fetors . gas
fetter . chain
fettered . chain
fettering . chain
fetters . bonds
fettle . condition
fettles . condition
feud . conflict
feudal . antique
feudalism . labor
feuded . conflict
feuding . conflict
feuds . conflict
feverishness . anger
fevers . fire
fewest . less
fewness . absence
fewnesses . absence
fiasco . breakdown
fiascoes . breakdown
fiascos . breakdown
fiat . authorization
fiats . authorization
fib . fiction
fibbed . fiction
fibbery . error
fibbing . plant
fiberboard . calendar
fibers . grain
fibril . cord
fibrils . cord
fibroid . hairy
fibrous . hairy
fibs . fiction
fibula . catch
fibulae . catch
fibulas . catch
fichu . wrap
fichus . wrap
fickleness . anxiety
fictionist . author
fictions . book
fictitious . false
fiddle . fool
fiddled . fool
fiddles . fool
fiddling . fool
fidelity . attachment
fidelities . attachment
fidget . jump
fidgeted . jump
fidgeting . jump
fidgets . jump
fiduciary . guardian
fiduciaries . guardian
fielded . garden
fielding . handle
fiend . beast
fiendishness . horror
fiends . beast
fierce . angry
fierceness . depth
fiercer . angry
fiercest . angry
fiery . burning
fierier . burning
fieriest . burning
fieriness . fever
fiesta . festival
fiestas . festival
fife . blast
fifed . blast
fifes . blast
fifing . blast
fighter . champion
fightings . boxing
fights . action
figment . bubble
figmental . fabulous
figments . bubble
figuration . form
figurations . form
figured . add
figurehead . front
figureheads . front
figurine . doll
figurines . doll
figuring . counting
figurings . counting
filament . fiber
filaments . fiber
filch . lift
filched . lift
filches . lift
filching . lift
filiation . connection
filibuster . delay
filibustered . slow
filibustering . slow
filibusters . delay
filings . filing
filler . crowd
fillet . fish
fillets . fish
fillip . boost
fillips . boost
fills . enough
filmed . photograph
filmic . visual
filming . photograph
fils . boy
filtered . clean
filth . corruption
filthy . nasty
filthier . nasty
filthiest . nasty
filths . corruption
filtrate . extract
filtrated . extract
filtrates . extract
filtrating . extract
fin . hand
finagle . cheat
finagled . cheat
finagles . cheat
finagling . cheat
finale . conclusion
finales . conclusion
finality . finish
finalities . finish
finalization . achievement
finalizations . achievement
finalize . agree
finalized . completed
finalizes . agree
finalizing . agree
finals . analysis
financed . banking
financer . advocate
finances . affairs
financier . broker
financiers . broker
finca . area
fincas . area
finecomb . clear
fined . accomplished
finely . hardly
fineness . quality
finenesses . quality
finer . accomplished
finery . apparel
fineries . apparel
fines . punishment
finesse . skill
finessed . skill
finesses . skill
finessing . angle
fingerbreadth . square
fingered . feel
fingering . feel
fingernail . hook
fingernails . hook
fingerprint . identify
fingerprints . identify
fini . entire
finial . cap
finialed . club
finials . cap
finicking . fine
fining . accomplished
finis . over
finises . finish
finisher . debate
finishers . debate
finishes . ending
fink . rat
finked . talk
finking . talk
finks . rat
fins . hand
fiord . arm
fiords . arm
fir . cedar
firearm . weapon
firearms . weapon
firedog . dog
firedogs . dog
fireproof . concrete
fires . heat
firewater . alcohol
firing . light
firkin . container
firkins . container
firmament . sky
firmaments . sky
firmed . strengthen
firmer . hard
firmest . hard
firming . strengthen
firmly . strongly
firmness . density
firmnesses . density
firs . cedar
firstborn . earlier
firster . early
firstly . essentially
firsts . model
firth . basin
firths . basin
fished . angle
fishery . fishing
fisherman . fisher
fishermen . fisher
fishes . angle
fishy . odd
fishier . odd
fishiest . odd
fishtail . pitch
fishtailed . pitch
fishtailing . pitch
fishtails . pitch
fishwife . bag
fishwives . bag
fission . division
fissions . division
fissure . crack
fissured . expand
fissures . crack
fissuring . expand
fistfight . conflict
fisticuff . bat
fisticuffs . boxing
fists . hand
fitful . periodic
fitfulness . anxiety
fitly . correctly
fitnesses . health
fitter . able
fitters . designer
fittest . able
fittingly . correctly
fittingness . fitness
fittings . proper
fixate . direct
fixated . direct
fixates . direct
fixating . direct
fixation . addiction
fixations . addiction
fixedly . closely
fixedness . density
fixer . broker
fixers . broker
fixing . adjustment
fixings . accessories
fixity . discipline
fixities . discipline
fixt . mess
fixture . accessory
fizz . buzz
fizzed . buzz
fizzes . buzz
fizzing . buzz
fizzle . die
fizzled . die
fizzles . die
fizzling . die
fjord . arm
fjords . arm
flabbergast . overcome
flabbergasted . overcome
flabbergasting . overcome
flabbergasts . overcome
flabella . blade
flabellum . blade
flaccidity . compliance
flaccidities . compliance
flack . beef
flacks . beef
flacon . bottle
flacons . bottle
flagellate . beat
flagellated . beat
flagellates . beat
flagellating . beat
flagged . die
flagging . tired
flaggings . decrease
flagman . guard
flagmen . guard
flagon . bottle
flagons . bottle
flagpole . beam
flagpoles . beam
flagrant . bold
flagrantly . fully
flagship . chief
flagships . chief
flagstaff . beam
flagstaffs . beam
flagstaves . beam
flagstone . road
flagstones . road
flay . skin
flayed . skin
flaying . skin
flail . club
flailed . club
flailing . club
flails . club
flair . ability
flairs . ability
flays . skin
flak . abuse
flake . leaf
flaked . leaf
flakes . leaf
flaky . crazy
flakier . crazy
flakiest . crazy
flaking . leaf
flam . craft
flamboyance . array
flamboyant . brilliant
flamed . flash
flames . flash
flamethrower . bomb
flamethrowers . bomb
flaming . red
flams . craft
flan . disc
flanes . disc
flange . rim
flanges . rim
flank . hand
flanked . defined
flanking . side
flanks . hand
flans . disc
flap . accessory
flapdoodle . bull
flapped . hang
flapper . branch
flappers . branch
flapping . hang
flaps . accessory
flare . burn
flared . burn
flares . burn
flaring . burn
flashback . memory
flashbacks . memory
flashed . beam
flashes . beam
flashiness . toy
flashlight . light
flashlights . light
flask . bag
flasket . bottle
flaskets . bottle
flasks . bag
flatfeet . captain
flatfoot . captain
flatfoots . captain
flathat . circle
flatland . field
flatlands . field
flatly . absolutely
flatmate . friend
flatness . depression
flatnesses . depression
flats . empty
flatten . fell
flattening . fell
flattens . fell
flatter . charm
flattery . smoke
flatteries . smoke
flatters . charm
flattest . empty
flatus . breath
flatuses . breath
flatware . service
flatwares . service
flaunt . advertise
flaunted . advertise
flaunts . advertise
flavor . essence
flavored . essence
flavorful . delicious
flavoring . sauce
flavorings . sauce
flavors . essence
flaw . bug
flawed . false
flawing . mar
flawless . perfect
flaws . bug
flax . fiber
flaxes . fiber
flea . bee
fleapit . cinema
fleas . bee
fleck . bit
flecked . bit
flecking . bit
fleckless . precise
flecks . bit
flection . angle
flections . angle
fled . desert
fledgling . chick
fledglings . chick
flee . desert
fleece . cheat
fleeceable . flexible
fleeced . cheat
fleeces . cheat
fleecing . cheat
fleeing . desert
fleer . laugh
fleered . dig
fleering . dig
fleers . laugh
flees . desert
fleeted . break
fleeter . fast
fleetest . fast
fleeting . sudden
fleetingly . quickly
fleetness . rush
fleets . navy
flesh . beef
fleshes . beef
fleshiness . inflation
flew . circle
flex . angle
flexed . angle
flexes . angle
flexibilities . compliance
flexibleness . give
flexile . flexible
flexing . angle
flexure . angle
flexures . angle
flibbertigibbet . t
flibbertigibbets . t
flic . deputy
flick . flip
flicked . flip
flicker . beam
flickered . beam
flickers . beam
flicking . flip
flicks . flip
flics . deputy
flied . circle
flier . ace
flyer . ace
fliers . ace
flyers . ace
flies . circle
flighted . bound
flighting . bound
flyings . climbing
flimflam . burn
flimflammed . burn
flimflammer . actor
flimflamming . burn
flimflams . burn
flimsy . slight
flimsier . slight
flimsies . clone
flimsiest . slight
flinch . avoid
flinched . avoid
flinches . avoid
flinching . avoid
fling . cast
flinging . cast
flings . cast
flintlock . hardware
flintlocks . hardware
flipflop . back
flippantly . easily
flipped . cast
flippers . branch
flipping . cast
flips . cast
flirt . operator
flirtation . pickup
flirtations . pickup
flirted . operator
flirting . sport
flirts . operator
flyspeck . mark
flyspecks . mark
flit . zip
flitch . fat
flitched . fat
flitches . fat
flitching . fat
flits . zip
flitted . zip
flitter . fly
flittered . fly
flittering . fly
flitters . fly
floatable . easy
floated . hang
floater . false
floaters . credit
floats . hang
flock . army
flocked . gather
flocker . crowd
flocking . gather
flockings . combination
flocks . army
flog . beat
flogged . beat
flogger . jacket
floggers . jacket
flogs . beat
flooded . fill
floodlight . fame
floodlighted . cast
floodlighting . cast
floodlights . fame
floodlit . cast
floods . flow
floored . beat
floorings . carpet
floorthrough . suite
floozy . broad
floozies . broad
flop . disaster
flopped . drop
flopping . drop
flops . disaster
flora . plants
florae . plants
floras . plants
florescence . development
floret . flower
florets . flower
floricultural . rural
floriculture . growing
florid . decorative
floristics . anatomy
floss . cord
flosses . cord
flotation . agency
flotations . agency
flotilla . group
flotillas . group
flotsam . cargo
flotsams . cargo
flounce . nancy
flounced . nancy
flounces . nancy
flouncing . nancy
flounder . labor
floundered . labor
floundering . labor
flounders . labor
flour . cover
floured . cover
flouring . cover
flourish . twist
flourished . boom
flourishes . twist
flourishing . expanding
flourishingly . strongly
flours . cover
flout . slight
flouted . slight
flouting . slight
flouts . slight
flowed . continue
flowered . mature
floweret . flower
flowerets . flower
flowerpot . pot
flowerpots . pot
flowing . falling
flown . circle
flub . error
flubbed . injured
flubs . error
fluctuant . vast
fluctuate . vary
fluctuated . vary
fluctuates . vary
fluctuating . vary
fluctuation . variation
fluctuations . variation
flue . channel
fluency . facility
fluencies . facility
fluent . vocal
fluently . constantly
flues . channel
fluff . wool
fluffed . bad
fluffing . mistake
fluffs . wool
fluidic . running
fluidify . run
fluidified . run
fluidifying . run
fluidity . facility
fluidities . facility
fluids . running
fluke . accident
flukes . accident
flume . channel
flumes . channel
flummery . device
flummeries . device
flummox . buffalo
flummoxed . buffalo
flummoxes . buffalo
flummoxing . buffalo
flung . dump
flunk . miss
flunked . miss
flunkey . butler
flunkeys . butler
flunking . miss
flunks . miss
fluorescence . light
fluorescent . bright
flurry . confusion
flurries . confusion
flurrying . confusion
flus . gas
flush . even
flushed . animated
flusher . even
flushes . even
flushest . even
flushing . even
fluster . state
flustered . flip
flustering . state
flusters . state
flute . gather
flutes . gather
fluting . avenue
flutings . avenue
flutter . bat
fluttered . bat
fluttery . excited
fluttering . bat
flutters . bat
flux . change
fluxed . heat
fluxes . change
fluxing . heat
foamed . cream
foaming . cream
foams . cream
fob . cap
fobs . cap
focalize . attract
focalized . attract
focalizes . attract
focalizing . attract
foci . spotlight
focussed . attract
focusses . spotlight
focussing . attract
fodder . corn
fodders . corn
foe . enemy
foes . enemy
fog . cloud
fogged . cloud
foggy . cloudy
foggier . cloudy
foggiest . cloudy
fogginess . darkness
fogging . cloud
foghorn . alarm
foghorns . alarm
fogs . cloud
foible . fault
foibles . fault
foyer . reception
foyers . reception
foil . background
foiled . counter
foiling . background
foils . background
folded . bend
folds . bend
foliage . growth
foliages . growth
foliate . fresh
foliated . coat
foliates . coat
foliating . coat
folio . sheet
foliole . blade
folios . sheet
folklore . custom
folklores . custom
folksiness . fellowship
folktale . adventure
folktales . adventure
folkway . development
folkways . development
folly . vice
follicle . hair
follicles . hair
follies . vice
follower . advocate
followers . advocate
followings . coming
followup . effect
foment . encourage
fomented . encourage
fomenter . advocate
fomenters . advocate
fomenting . encourage
foments . encourage
fondle . feel
fondled . feel
fondles . feel
fondling . feel
fondlings . attention
fondness . preference
fondnesses . preference
foodstuff . nutrition
foodstuffs . nutrition
fooler . camp
foolhardy . bold
foolhardier . bold
foolhardiest . bold
foolheaded . bizarre
foolish . crazy
foolishness . mistake
foolproof . reliable
fools . innocent
footages . cinema
footballs . soccer
footbridge . span
footbridges . span
footed . extend
footfall . impression
footfalls . impression
footgear . boot
footgears . boot
foothold . hold
footholds . hold
footing . bottom
footings . bottom
footmark . element
footmarks . element
footnote . explanation
footnoted . comment
footnotes . explanation
footnoting . comment
footpath . path
footpaths . path
footprint . impression
footprints . impression
foots . pad
footslog . trip
footslogged . hop
footslogging . hop
footslogs . trip
footstep . pace
footsteps . pace
footstone . marker
footway . bridge
footways . bridge
footwears . shoe
footwork . turn
footworks . turn
foppery . gathering
fopperies . gathering
fora . conference
forage . beat
foraged . beat
forager . cheat
foragers . cheat
forages . beat
foraging . beat
foray . invasion
forayed . raid
foraying . raid
forays . invasion
foramen . opening
foramina . opening
forbad . ban
forbade . ban
forbear . avoid
forbearance . tolerance
forbearances . tolerance
forbearant . calm
forbearing . gentle
forbears . avoid
forbid . ban
forbiddance . ban
forbidden . closed
forbidding . offensive
forbids . ban
forbode . advise
forboded . advise
forbodes . advise
forboding . advise
forbore . avoid
forborn . avoid
forborne . avoid
forceful . dynamic
forcefulness . energy
forcemeat . filling
forcibleness . arm
forcibly . effectively
forcing . cause
forded . connect
fording . connect
fordone . shot
fords . connect
fore . forward
forearm . radius
forearmed . address
forearming . address
forearms . radius
forebode . divine
foreboded . divine
forebodes . divine
foreboding . anxiety
forebodings . anxiety
forecasted . budget
forecasting . calculate
foreclose . bar
foreclosed . bar
forecloses . bar
foreclosing . bar
foreday . dawn
foredays . dawn
foredestined . fixed
foredoom . reserve
foredooming . reserve
foredooms . reserve
forefeel . guess
forefeeling . guess
forefeels . guess
forefelt . guess
forefinger . digit
forefingers . digit
forefront . beginning
foregather . appear
forego . pass
foregoer . original
foregoers . original
foregoes . pass
foreground . beginning
forehandedness . discretion
forehead . front
foreheads . front
foreigner . alien
foreigners . alien
forejudge . decide
forejudged . decide
forejudging . decide
foreknew . guess
foreknow . guess
foreknowing . guess
foreknown . guess
foreknows . guess
foreland . bill
forelands . bill
foreman . supervisor
foremen . supervisor
foremother . father
forenamed . spoken
forenoon . dawn
forenoons . dawn
forensics . debate
foreordain . reserve
foreordained . reserve
foreordaining . reserve
foreordains . reserve
foreordination . chance
forepart . beginning
foreparts . beginning
foreplay . kissing
foreplays . kissing
foreran . guide
forerun . guide
forerunner . advertiser
forerunners . advertiser
forerunning . previous
foreruns . guide
fores . advice
foresaw . expect
foresee . expect
foreseeable . certain
foreseeing . expect
foreseen . expected
foresees . expect
foreshadow . promise
foreshadowed . promise
foreshadowing . promise
foreshadows . promise
foreshow . call
foreshowed . call
foreshowing . call
foreshown . call
foreshows . call
foresight . insight
foresightedness . discretion
foresights . insight
forespake . call
forespeak . call
forespeaking . call
forespoke . call
forespoken . call
forestall . prevent
forestalled . prevent
forestalling . prevent
forestalls . prevent
foretaste . starter
foretasted . assume
foretastes . starter
foretasting . assume
foretell . announce
foretelling . announce
foretells . announce
forethought . discretion
forethoughtful . alert
forethoughtfulness . discretion
foretime . past
foretimes . past
foretoken . warning
foretokened . call
foretokening . call
foretokens . warning
forevermore . forever
forewarn . advise
forewarned . advise
forewarning . feeling
forewarnings . feeling
forewarns . advise
forewent . pass
forewisdom . forecast
forewoman . head
forewomen . head
foreword . preliminary
forewords . preliminary
forfeit . cost
forfeited . cost
forfeiting . lose
forfeits . cost
forfeiture . fine
forfeitures . fine
forfend . block
forfended . block
forfending . block
forfends . block
forgat . blow
forgather . boost
forgathered . collected
forgathering . boost
forgathers . boost
forgave . forget
forge . produce
forgery . carbon
forgeries . carbon
forges . produce
forgetfulness . blank
forgetive . innovative
forgets . blow
forgetting . blow
forging . produce
forgive . forget
forgiveness . grace
forgivenesses . grace
forgives . forget
forgiving . accepting
forgo . quit
forgoes . quit
forgoing . quit
forgone . quit
forked . divided
forking . angle
forks . angle
forlorn . desperate
forlornness . withdrawal
formaldehyde . alcohol
formalism . form
formalisms . form
formality . procedure
formalities . procedure
formalization . answer
formalizations . answer
formalize . assign
formalized . assign
formalizes . assign
formalizing . assign
formally . correctly
formalness . gravity
formational . architectural
formations . arrangement
formative . developmental
formers . former
formidable . dangerous
formulae . canon
formulaic . conventional
formulary . canon
formularies . canon
formularization . approach
formularized . analytical
formulas . canon
formulate . define
formulated . define
formulates . define
formulating . define
formulation . institution
formulations . institution
fornication . relations
fornications . relations
forsake . quit
forsaken . ignored
forsaker . snake
forsakers . snake
forsakes . quit
forsaking . quit
forsook . quit
forswear . deny
forswearing . deny
forswears . deny
forswore . deny
forsworn . deny
forte . ability
fortes . ability
forthcoming . anticipated
forthrightly . fully
forthrightness . lack
forthwith . directly
fortify . protect
fortification . barrier
fortifications . barrier
fortified . covered
fortifies . protect
fortifying . protect
fortyfive . gun
fortyfives . gun
fortitude . determination
fortitudes . determination
fortress . barrier
fortressed . covered
fortuity . accident
fortuities . accident
fortuitous . odd
fortuitousness . fortune
fortunate . encouraging
fortuned . break
fortuneless . low
fortunes . capital
fortuneteller . medium
fortunetellers . medium
fortunetelling . power
fortuning . break
forwarded . delivered
forwarding . promote
forwards . ahead
forwent . quit
fosse . canal
fosses . canal
fossil . trace
fossilization . setting
fossils . trace
fosterage . raising
fostered . advance
fostering . advance
fosters . advance
fought . attack
foul . nasty
fouled . nasty
fouler . nasty
foulest . nasty
fouling . catch
foulings . abuse
fouls . nasty
foundered . collapse
foundering . architect
founders . architect
foundry . factory
foundries . factory
founds . begin
fount . beginning
fountainhead . administrator
fountainheads . administrator
fountains . stream
founts . beginning
fourberie . cheat
fourflusher . actor
fourflushers . actor
fourgon . car
fourgons . car
foursome . club
foursomes . club
fourths . part
fowl . chicken
fowling . fishing
fowlings . fishing
fowls . chicken
foxes . wolf
foxhole . pit
foxholes . pit
foxily . carefully
foxtrot . disco
fracas . battle
fracases . battle
fractionally . partly
fractions . half
fracture . crack
fractured . broken
fractures . crack
fragile . weak
fragment . bit
fragmentalize . beat
fragmented . split
fragmenting . split
fragmentize . separate
fragmentized . separate
fragmentizing . separate
fragments . bit
fragrances . perfume
fragrant . delicious
fray . combat
fraidycat . baby
frayed . rip
fraying . rip
frail . slim
frailer . slim
frailest . slim
frailty . error
frailties . error
frays . combat
framers . architect
frameworks . plan
framing . construct
franchised . authorized
franchiser . dealer
franchisers . dealer
franchises . authorization
franchising . accept
frangibility . flexibility
frankenstein . beast
frankensteins . beast
franker . bold
frankest . bold
frankfurter . dog
frankfurters . dog
frankincense . perfume
franks . dog
frantic . angry
frat . guild
fraternal . friendly
fraternity . guild
fraternities . guild
fraternization . cooperation
frats . guild
frau . madonna
frauds . cheat
fraudulence . fiction
fraudulency . crime
fraudulent . fake
frauen . madonna
fraught . charged
fraus . madonna
frazzle . collapse
frazzled . exhaust
frazzles . collapse
frazzling . exhaust
freak . geek
freaked . geek
freaky . bizarre
freakier . bizarre
freakiest . bizarre
freakish . bizarre
freakishness . horror
freaks . geek
freckle . dot
freckles . dot
freckling . dot
freebie . gift
freebies . gift
freebooting . copying
freed . released
freedoms . ability
freehandedness . charity
freehold . equity
freeholder . saw
freeholders . saw
freeholds . equity
freeing . delivery
freeings . delivery
freelanced . drive
freelancer . author
freelancing . drive
freer . comp
frees . comp
freest . comp
freestyle . dive
freeway . highway
freeways . highway
freewheel . cruise
freewheeling . separate
freezer . cooler
freezers . cooler
freezing . polar
freightage . shipment
freighted . carried
freighter . car
freighters . car
freights . merchandise
frenched . blow
frenching . blow
frenzy . fever
frenzies . fever
frenzying . anger
frequencies . density
frequented . affect
frequenter . customer
frequenters . customer
frequenting . affect
frequentness . density
frequents . constant
fresco . brush
frescoed . brush
frescoing . brush
frescos . brush
freshen . air
freshened . air
freshening . air
freshens . air
fresher . different
freshest . different
freshet . stream
freshets . stream
freshly . newly
freshman . undergraduate
freshmen . undergraduate
freshness . youth
fretfulness . strain
fretwork . frame
fretworks . frame
fry . brown
friar . priest
friary . ministry
friaries . ministry
friars . priest
fribbled . fool
fribbling . fool
fricassee . bubble
fricasseed . bubble
fricasseeing . bubble
fricassees . bubble
friction . resistance
frictionless . continuous
frictions . resistance
friendlessness . withdrawal
friendlier . beneficial
friendliest . beneficial
friendliness . friendship
friendships . agreement
fries . brown
frigate . ship
frigates . ship
fright . horror
frighted . alarm
frighten . alarm
frightened . afraid
frightens . alarm
frightful . terrible
frightfully . extremely
frightfulness . horror
frighting . alarm
frights . horror
frigid . frozen
frigorific . cold
frying . brown
frill . gathering
frilled . deck
frilling . deck
frills . gathering
fringe . edge
fringes . edge
fringing . meet
frippery . toy
fripperies . toy
frisk . dance
frisked . dance
frisking . dance
frisks . dance
frith . arm
friths . arm
fritter . blow
frittered . blow
frittering . blow
fritters . blow
frivol . blow
frivoled . blow
frivoling . delay
frivolity . fun
frivolities . fun
frivolled . blow
frivolling . blow
frivolously . easily
frivols . blow
frizz . curve
frizzes . curve
frizzing . pan
frizzle . grill
frizzles . grill
frizzling . grill
frock . clothing
frocked . call
frocking . call
frocks . clothing
frolic . fun
frolicked . play
frolicking . play
frolics . fun
frond . blade
frondesce . crack
frondesced . crack
frondescence . growth
frondescing . crack
frondeur . radical
frondeurs . radical
fronds . blade
frons . face
frontage . face
frontages . face
frontal . face
frontals . face
fronted . border
fronter . advanced
frontes . face
frontier . bound
frontiers . bound
fronting . border
frontispiece . face
frontispieces . face
fronts . advanced
frosh . undergraduate
frost . drop
frostbite . snow
frostbites . snow
frostbound . polar
frosting . covering
frostings . covering
frosts . drop
froth . foam
frothed . beat
froths . foam
froufrou . complicated
froufrous . enhancement
frown . lower
frowned . lower
frowns . lower
fructiferous . extreme
fructification . construction
fructose . sugar
fructoses . sugar
frugal . careful
frugality . conservation
frugalities . conservation
fruitage . crop
fruitages . crop
fruitcake . crazy
fruitcakes . crazy
fruited . appear
fruitful . beneficial
fruitfulness . productivity
fruity . pleasant
fruitier . pleasant
fruitiest . pleasant
fruiting . appear
fruition . completion
fruitions . completion
frustrate . arrest
frustrates . arrest
frustrating . arrest
frustration . failure
frustrations . failure
fuchsia . coral
fuchsias . coral
fuck . lay
fucked . lay
fucking . lay
fucks . lay
fuddle . cloud
fuddled . confused
fuddles . cloud
fuddling . cloud
fudge . avoid
fudged . avoid
fudges . avoid
fudging . avoid
fueled . feed
fueling . feed
fuelled . feed
fuelling . feed
fuels . electricity
fugitive . wanted
fugitives . wanted
fulcra . code
fulcrum . code
fulcrums . code
fulfill . achieve
fulfilled . realized
fulfilling . achieve
fulfillment . achievement
fulfillments . achievement
fulfills . achieve
fulgid . brilliant
fulgor . candle
fulgurate . flash
fulgurated . flash
fuliginosity . smoke
fullbodied . dominant
fuller . adequate
fullest . adequate
fullmouthed . big
fullness . completion
fullnesses . completion
fulls . quantity
fulminant . hazardous
fulminate . protest
fulminated . protest
fulminates . protest
fulminating . protest
fulmination . blast
fulminations . blast
fumble . feel
fumbled . feel
fumbler . fool
fumblers . fool
fumbles . feel
fumbling . feel
fume . anger
fumed . anger
fumes . exhaust
fumy . burning
fumier . burning
fumiest . burning
fumigant . soap
fumigants . soap
fumigate . fan
fumigated . fan
fumigates . fan
fumigating . fan
fumigator . cleaner
fumigators . cleaner
fuming . anger
funambulist . artist
functionary . agent
functionaries . agent
functioned . operate
functioning . functional
fundament . base
fundamentalist . right
fundamentalists . right
fundamentally . essentially
fundamentals . basics
fundraise . appeal
funerals . services
funeration . services
funest . pleasant
fungible . compatible
funk . alarm
funky . hip
funkier . hip
funkiest . hip
funks . alarm
funned . fool
funnel . channel
funneled . channel
funneling . channel
funnelled . channel
funnelling . channel
funnels . channel
funnier . gas
funnies . crack
funniest . gas
funniness . comedy
funning . fool
funs . pleasant
funster . actor
fur . coat
furbelow . device
furbelows . device
furbish . clean
furbished . clean
furbishes . clean
furbishing . clean
furcate . divided
furcated . divided
furcates . cross
furcating . cross
fury . energy
furies . energy
furious . desperate
furiously . quickly
furiousness . anger
furl . fold
furled . fold
furling . fold
furlough . leave
furloughed . fired
furloughs . leave
furls . fold
furnish . provide
furnishes . provide
furnishing . accessory
furnitures . appliance
furor . row
furors . row
furring . covering
furrings . covering
furrow . channel
furrowed . rocky
furrowing . follow
furrows . channel
furs . coat
furtherance . advocacy
furtherances . advocacy
furthered . encourage
furthering . encourage
furthers . encourage
furtively . personally
furuncle . spot
furuncles . spot
furze . spray
furzes . spray
fuse . blend
fused . blend
fuselage . box
fuselages . box
fuses . blend
fusible . running
fusil . weapon
fusils . weapon
fusing . blend
fusions . blend
fuss . confusion
fussbudget . careful
fussed . combat
fusser . added
fusses . confusion
fussiness . care
fussing . combat
fustians . cant
fustigate . beat
fustigated . beat
fustigating . beat
futuristic . innovative
fuzz . down
fuzzed . blind
fuzzes . down
fuzzy . hairy
fuzzier . hairy
fuzziest . hairy
fuzziness . darkness
fuzzing . blind
gab . buzz
gabardine . wrap
gabardines . wrap
gabbed . buzz
gabbing . buzz
gabble . talk
gabbled . talk
gabbles . talk
gabbling . talk
gabfest . convention
gabfests . convention
gable . ceiling
gables . ceiling
gabs . buzz
gad . cruise
gadabout . rover
gadabouts . rover
gadded . cruise
gadding . cruise
gadget . appliance
gadgetry . appliances
gadgetries . appliances
gads . cruise
gaff . crime
gaffe . slip
gaffed . able
gaffer . elder
gaffers . elder
gaffes . slip
gaffing . capture
gaffs . crime
gag . trick
gage . assurance
gages . assurance
gagged . quiet
gagging . quiet
gaggle . array
gaggles . array
gagman . comic
gagmen . comic
gags . trick
gagster . actor
gagsters . actor
gayer . lesbian
gayest . lesbian
gaiety . animation
gayety . energy
gaieties . animation
gayeties . energy
gayness . lesbian
gaynesses . lesbian
gaining . achieve
gainings . acquisition
gainsay . combat
gainsaid . combat
gainsaying . combat
gainsays . combat
gays . lesbian
gait . bearing
gaits . bearing
gal . body
gala . gay
galactose . sugar
galas . gay
gale . hurricane
gales . hurricane
galiot . tender
galiots . tender
gall . brass
gallant . noble
gallanted . attract
gallanting . attract
gallantness . amenities
gallantry . address
gallantries . address
gallants . lover
galleass . tender
galleasses . tender
galled . burn
galley . tender
galleys . tender
galleon . craft
galleons . craft
galleria . arcade
gallimaufry . array
gallimaufries . array
gallivant . cruise
gallivanted . cruise
gallivanter . explorer
gallivanters . explorer
gallivanting . cruise
gallivants . cruise
gallop . zoom
galloped . zoom
galloping . zoom
gallops . zoom
gallows . hanging
gallowses . hanging
galls . brass
galoot . fellow
galoots . fellow
galores . acres
galosh . footwear
galoshe . footwear
galoshes . footwear
gals . body
galumphing . heavy
galvanic . active
galvanism . heat
galvanization . joy
galvanizations . joy
galvanize . shock
galvanized . shock
galvanizes . shock
galvanizing . shock
gam . arm
gambade . dive
gambades . dive
gambit . design
gambits . design
gamble . bet
gambled . bet
gambler . player
gamblers . player
gambles . bet
gambol . bound
gamboled . bound
gamboling . bound
gambolled . bound
gambolling . bound
gambols . bound
gambrel . ceiling
gambrels . ceiling
gamed . play
gamekeeper . administrator
gamekeepers . administrator
gameness . determination
gamenesses . determination
gamer . bold
gamesmanship . honor
gamest . bold
gamete . egg
gametes . egg
gamings . game
gammed . fool
gamming . fool
gammoned . con
gammoning . con
gams . arm
gamut . spectrum
gamuts . spectrum
gander . eye
gandered . glance
gandering . glance
ganders . eye
gangly . tall
ganglia . headquarters
ganglier . tall
gangliest . tall
ganglion . headquarters
ganglions . headquarters
gangrene . breakdown
gangrenes . breakdown
gangrenous . rank
gangs . band
gangster . criminal
gangsters . criminal
ganja . tea
ganjas . tea
gantry . booth
gantries . booth
gape . beam
gaped . beam
gapes . beam
gaping . vast
gapped . expand
gapping . expand
gaps . crack
gar . bill
garages . shop
garb . apparel
garbage . trash
garbages . trash
garbed . apparel
garbing . apparel
garble . color
garbled . color
garbles . color
garbling . color
garbs . apparel
garcon . tray
garcons . tray
gardened . breed
garderobe . can
gargantua . giant
gargantuan . huge
gargoyle . monster
gargoyles . monster
garishness . array
garland . crown
garlanding . array
garlands . crown
garment . apparel
garmented . apparel
garmenting . apparel
garmentless . naked
garments . apparel
garner . deposit
garnered . deposit
garnering . deposit
garners . deposit
garnet . coral
garnets . coral
garnish . enhancement
garnished . enhancement
garnishes . enhancement
garnishing . enhancement
garnishment . trim
garnishments . trim
garotte . destroy
garotted . destroy
garottes . destroy
garotting . destroy
garrison . base
garrisoned . covered
garrisoning . capture
garrisons . base
garrote . execute
garroted . killed
garroter . killer
garroters . killer
garrotes . execute
garroting . execute
gars . bill
garter . bands
garters . bands
gasconade . advertise
gasconaded . advertise
gasconading . advertise
gases . smoke
gash . mark
gashed . mark
gashes . mark
gashing . mark
gasket . cap
gaskets . cap
gaslight . light
gaslights . light
gasohol . juice
gasolier . crown
gasoliers . crown
gasoline . juice
gasolines . juice
gasp . blow
gasped . blow
gasper . smoke
gaspers . smoke
gasping . blow
gasps . blow
gassed . killed
gasser . difficult
gassers . rat
gasses . smoke
gassing . hanging
gassings . hanging
gastronome . gourmet
gastronomes . gourmet
gastronomist . gourmet
gat . bring
gatecrasher . criminal
gatecrashers . criminal
gated . assembly
gatehouse . cottage
gatehouses . cottage
gatekeeper . guard
gatekeepers . guard
gateways . arch
gatherer . authority
gatherers . authority
gatherings . association
gathers . choose
gating . assembly
gats . oven
gaucherie . slip
gaucheries . slip
gaucho . driver
gauchos . driver
gaudy . brilliant
gaudier . brilliant
gaudiest . brilliant
gaudiness . beam
gaugeable . significant
gauged . assess
gauges . indicator
gauging . assess
gaunt . thin
gaunter . thin
gauntest . thin
gauntlet . challenge
gauntlets . challenge
gauze . cast
gauzes . cast
gavel . hammer
gavels . hammer
gawk . look
gawked . look
gawker . observer
gawkers . observer
gawking . look
gawks . look
gaze . gun
gazebo . platform
gazeboes . platform
gazebos . platform
gazed . beam
gazer . viewer
gazers . viewer
gazes . gun
gazette . newspaper
gazetteer . archive
gazetteers . archive
gazettes . newspaper
gazing . beam
gearbox . broadcast
gearboxes . broadcast
geared . adjust
gearing . adjust
gears . accessory
gee . dear
geed . dear
geeing . dear
gees . dear
geese . desire
geezer . conservative
geezers . conservative
gehenna . pit
geyser . jet
geysers . jet
gelastic . bizarre
gelate . form
gelated . form
gelates . form
gelatin . extract
gelatination . concentration
gelating . form
gelatinize . compact
gelatinized . compact
gelatinizing . compact
gelatins . extract
geld . alter
gelded . alter
gelding . alter
gelds . alter
gelidity . drop
gelidities . drop
gelled . form
gelling . form
gels . form
gelt . alter
gem . hardware
geminate . dual
gemmed . array
gemming . array
gems . hardware
gemstone . stone
gemstones . stone
genders . common
genealogical . genetic
genealogies . genetics
generality . law
generalities . law
generalization . conclusion
generalizations . conclusion
generalize . discover
generalized . discover
generalizes . discover
generalizing . discover
generals . chief
generalship . approach
generalships . approach
generates . achieve
generative . creative
generosity . hospitality
generosities . hospitality
generous . acceptable
generousness . charity
geneses . origin
genesiology . constitution
genetically . naturally
genial . gentle
geniality . happiness
genie . spirit
genies . spirit
genii . ability
genital . nuts
genitalia . nuts
genitals . nuts
geniture . birth
genitures . birth
genius . ability
geniuses . ability
gent . boy
genteel . elegant
genteelness . amenities
gentility . courtesy
gentilities . courtesy
gentled . overcome
gentleman . don
gentlemen . don
gentler . cool
gentles . overcome
gentlest . cool
gentlewoman . count
gentlewomen . count
gentling . overcome
gents . boy
genuflect . bow
genuflected . bow
genuflecting . bow
genuflection . angle
genuflections . angle
genuflects . bow
genuinely . absolutely
genuineness . authority
genus . brand
geologic . golden
geological . geographic
geometrical . analytical
geometries . calculation
geoponics . agriculture
georgic . agricultural
geotic . human
geranium . coral
geraniums . coral
gerent . king
gerents . king
geriatric . aged
germ . bug
germane . applicable
germaneness . application
germicidal . clean
germinal . basic
germinate . develop
germinated . develop
germinates . develop
germinating . develop
germs . bug
gerontogeous . oriental
gerrymander . fix
gerrymandered . fix
gerrymandering . fix
gerrymanders . fix
gest . achievement
gestalt . composition
gestalten . composition
gestalts . composition
gestation . evolution
gestations . evolution
gesticulate . motion
gesticulation . action
gesticulations . action
gests . achievement
gesture . action
gestures . action
getable . convenient
getatable . accessible
getaway . break
getaways . break
gettings . obtaining
getup . costume
getups . costume
gewgaw . item
gewgaws . item
ghastly . terrible
ghastlier . terrible
ghastliest . terrible
ghee . oil
ghees . oil
ghosted . address
ghoster . away
ghosting . address
ghostly . weird
ghostlier . weird
ghostliest . weird
ghosts . devil
ghostwrite . design
ghostwriter . composer
ghostwriters . composer
ghostwrites . design
ghostwriting . design
ghostwritten . design
ghostwrote . design
ghoul . devil
ghouls . devil
giants . bulk
gibber . chat
gibbered . chat
gibbering . chat
gibbers . chat
gibbet . hanging
gibbeted . fill
gibbeting . fill
gibbets . hanging
gibbon . human
gibbons . human
gibbosity . bunch
gibbosities . bunch
gibe . dig
gibed . dig
gibes . dig
gibing . dig
gifted . accomplished
giftedness . ability
gifting . charity
giftwrap . bundle
giftwrapping . bundle
gig . appearance
gigantic . giant
giggler . fit
gigolo . lover
gigolos . lover
gigs . appearance
gild . coat
gilding . coat
gildings . trim
gilds . coat
gill . box
gilly . car
gillies . car
gills . box
gilt . golden
gilts . color
gimlet . grill
gimlets . grill
gimmick . device
gimmicks . device
gymnasia . gym
gymnasium . gym
gymnasiums . gym
gymnast . acrobat
gymnastics . bars
gymnasts . acrobat
gimp . disabled
gimped . hop
gimper . disabled
gimpy . disabled
gimpier . disabled
gimpiest . disabled
gimping . hop
gyms . field
gin . debate
gynandrous . bi
ginger . air
gingerbread . added
gingered . lace
gingery . animated
gingering . lace
gingers . air
gins . debate
gip . burn
gyp . cheat
gipped . burn
gypped . cheat
gipping . burn
gypping . cheat
gips . burn
gyps . cheat
gypsum . binding
gypsums . binding
giraffe . buffalo
giraffes . buffalo
gyrate . circle
gyrated . circle
gyrates . circle
gyrating . circle
gyration . circle
gyrations . circle
gird . band
girded . band
girding . band
girdle . band
girdles . band
girdling . zoning
girds . band
gyre . band
gyred . roll
gyres . band
gyring . roll
girlfriend . companion
girlfriends . companion
girlhood . spring
girlhoods . spring
girllike . new
girt . belt
girted . belt
girth . expansion
girthed . attach
girthing . attach
girths . expansion
girting . belt
girts . belt
gismo . object
gismos . object
gist . summary
gists . summary
gitim . get
giveaways . donation
giver . angel
givers . angel
gizmo . appliance
gizmos . appliance
glabrate . shaved
glabrescent . shaved
glabrous . bare
glaces . cream
glacial . frozen
glaciation . snow
gladden . warm
gladdened . warm
gladdening . warm
gladdens . warm
gladder . pleased
gladdest . pleased
glade . dale
glades . dale
gladiatorial . active
gladness . animation
gladnesses . animation
gladsome . pleasant
gladstone . bag
glaive . blade
glaives . blade
glamor . attraction
glamorize . array
glamorized . array
glamorizes . array
glamorizing . array
glamorous . attractive
glamors . attraction
glamour . beauty
glamours . beauty
glanced . flash
glances . eye
glancing . flash
glare . flame
glared . fix
glares . flame
glaring . gross
glassed . echo
glasshouse . nursery
glasshouses . nursery
glassing . echo
glassware . dishes
glaze . coat
glazed . smooth
glazes . coat
glazing . coat
glazings . porcelain
gleam . beam
gleamed . beam
gleaming . bright
gleams . beam
glean . extract
gleaned . extract
gleaner . producer
gleaners . producer
gleaning . extract
gleanings . cache
gleans . extract
glebe . clay
glebes . clay
glee . joy
gleefulness . animation
gleeman . performance
gleemen . performance
glees . joy
glens . canyon
glycogen . sugar
glycogens . sugar
glide . float
glided . float
glides . float
gliding . float
glim . beam
glimmer . ray
glimmered . ray
glimmery . bright
glimmering . flash
glimmerings . impression
glimmers . ray
glimpse . flash
glimpsed . eye
glimpses . flash
glimpsing . eye
glims . beam
glint . flash
glinted . dance
glints . flash
glissade . coast
glissaded . coast
glissades . coast
glissading . coast
glisten . flash
glistened . flash
glistening . bright
glistens . flash
glister . beam
glistered . beam
glistering . bright
glisters . beam
glitch . bug
glitches . bug
glitter . beam
glittered . beam
glittering . bright
glitters . beam
glitzy . beautiful
gloaming . black
gloamings . black
gloat . celebrate
gloated . celebrate
gloating . celebrate
gloats . celebrate
glob . batch
globally . always
globes . map
globetrotting . walking
globoids . apple
globose . oval
globs . batch
globule . drop
globules . drop
glom . capture
glommed . capture
glomming . capture
gloms . capture
gloom . horror
gloomed . blind
gloomy . cloudy
gloomier . cloudy
gloomiest . cloudy
gloominess . blues
glooming . blind
glooms . horror
glop . dirt
gloppy . deep
glops . dirt
gloried . celebrity
glories . celebrity
glorify . boost
glorification . translation
glorifications . translation
glorified . boost
glorifies . boost
glorifying . boost
glorying . celebrity
glorious . beautiful
gloss . appearance
glossaries . dictionary
glossator . adapter
glossed . appearance
glosses . appearance
glossy . bright
glossier . bright
glossies . brochure
glossiest . bright
glossiness . appearance
glossing . appearance
glossographer . artist
glossology . definition
glossologies . definition
glottal . low
glow . intensity
glowed . color
glower . look
glowered . look
glowering . look
glowers . look
glowing . red
glows . intensity
gloze . cover
glozed . cover
glozes . cover
glozing . cover
glue . paste
glued . aware
glues . paste
gluing . paste
glum . sad
glume . case
glumes . case
glummer . sad
glummest . sad
glumness . blues
glumnesses . blues
glut . surplus
gluten . grass
glutens . grass
gluts . surplus
glutted . burden
glutting . surplus
glutton . pig
gluttony . disorder
gluttonies . disorder
gluttonize . pig
gluttonized . pig
gluttonizing . pig
gluttons . pig
gnarl . screw
gnarled . rough
gnarly . hairy
gnarlier . hairy
gnarliest . hairy
gnarling . roll
gnarls . screw
gnarr . roll
gnarred . roll
gnarring . roll
gnarrs . roll
gnat . bee
gnats . bee
gnaw . eat
gnawed . eat
gnawing . fine
gnawn . eat
gnaws . eat
gnomic . precise
gnomon . calendar
gnomons . calendar
gnostic . knowing
goad . desire
goaded . drive
goading . drive
goads . desire
goat . billy
goatee . brush
goatees . brush
goats . billy
goatskin . diploma
goatskins . diploma
gob . bank
gobbet . nick
gobbets . nick
gobble . stuff
gobbled . stuff
gobbledegook . cant
gobbledygook . bull
gobbles . stuff
gobbling . stuff
goby . check
goblet . glass
goblets . glass
goblin . gnome
goblins . gnome
gobs . bank
gocart . auto
god . creator
godawful . sad
godchild . care
godchildren . care
goddess . spirit
goddesses . spirit
godfather . elder
godfathers . elder
godhead . creator
godheads . creator
godhood . lord
godhoods . lord
godlessness . doubt
godmother . elder
godmothers . elder
godown . action
godowns . action
godparent . advocate
godparents . advocate
godsend . advantage
godsends . advantage
godship . lord
godships . lord
goer . fair
gogetting . aggressive
goggle . beam
goggled . beam
goggles . beam
goggling . beam
gogo . animated
goings . mobile
goldbrick . cheat
goldbricks . cheat
golds . bracelet
goliath . bulk
goliaths . bulk
golpe . innovation
gonad . nuts
gonads . nuts
gondola . craft
gondolas . craft
gonfalon . colors
gonfalons . colors
gong . alarm
gongs . alarm
goober . fool
goobers . fool
goodbye . ciao
goodbyes . break
goody . prize
goodie . donation
goodies . prize
goodness . grace
goodnesses . grace
gooey . soft
goof . slip
goofball . fool
goofballs . fool
goofed . slip
goofy . crazy
goofier . crazy
goofiest . crazy
goofing . slip
goofs . slip
googol . figure
googols . figure
gooier . soft
gooiest . soft
gook . fluid
gooky . surface
gooks . fluid
goon . hood
goons . hood
goop . extract
goopy . rich
goops . extract
goose . desire
goosed . breed
gooses . desire
goosing . breed
gopher . slave
gophers . slave
gordian . sophisticated
gore . blood
gored . stick
gores . blood
gorge . canyon
gorged . feed
gorger . pig
gorgers . pig
gorges . canyon
gorging . feed
gorgon . bag
gorgons . bag
gorillalike . athletic
goring . blood
gormandize . stuff
gormandized . stuff
gormandizer . pig
gormandizers . pig
gormandizes . stuff
gormandizing . stuff
gorse . spray
gorses . spray
goshen . heaven
gospels . faith
gossamer . fine
gossamery . easy
gossamers . net
gossip . buzz
gossiped . buzz
gossiping . chat
gossipmonger . t
gossipped . buzz
gossipping . buzz
gossips . buzz
gouge . channel
gouged . dig
gouger . cheat
gougers . cheat
gouges . channel
gouging . dig
gourmand . gourmet
gourmandize . pig
gourmands . gourmet
gout . stomach
gouts . stomach
govern . conduct
governed . administered
governess . guardian
governesses . guardian
governors . administrator
governs . conduct
gown . costume
gowned . dress
gowning . dress
gowns . costume
grabbed . capture
grabbers . passion
grabbing . capture
grabbings . arrest
grabs . capture
graced . crown
graceful . beautiful
gracefully . easily
gracefulness . skill
graces . beauty
gracias . thanks
gracile . narrow
gracing . crown
gracious . friendly
graciousness . courtesy
grad . graduate
gradate . adjust
gradated . adjust
gradates . adjust
gradating . adjust
gradation . arrangement
gradations . arrangement
graded . classified
gradient . angle
gradients . angle
grading . arrange
gradings . checking
grads . graduate
gradual . continuous
gradually . constantly
graduated . accredited
graduating . earn
graft . shoot
grafted . shoot
grafter . cad
grafters . cad
grafting . insert
grafts . shoot
graybeard . elder
graybeards . elder
grayed . blind
grail . cup
grails . cup
grains . corn
grayout . collapse
grayouts . collapse
grays . blind
gramercy . recognition
gramercies . recognition
grammars . syntax
gramps . senior
granary . repository
granaries . repository
granddad . elder
granddaddy . elder
granddaddies . elder
granddads . elder
grandee . count
grandees . count
grander . large
grandest . large
grandeur . beauty
grandeurs . beauty
grandfather . elder
grandfathers . elder
grandiose . grand
grandiosity . celebrity
grandness . celebrity
grandpa . elder
grandpappy . elder
grandparent . father
grandparents . father
grandpas . elder
grandstand . parade
grandstanded . parade
grandstander . leader
grandstanding . parade
grandstands . parade
grange . manor
granges . manor
grantee . recipient
grantees . recipient
granter . bank
granters . bank
granting . accept
grantor . donor
grantors . donor
granulate . pound
granulated . pound
granulates . pound
granulating . pound
granule . dirt
granules . dirt
grape . wine
grapes . wine
grapevine . trailer
grapevines . trailer
graphically . strongly
graphing . outline
graphite . coal
graphites . coal
graphophone . stereo
graphs . chart
grapnel . hook
grapnels . hook
grapple . attack
grappled . attack
grappler . hook
grapplers . hook
grapples . attack
grappling . attack
grasp . possession
grasped . grip
grasping . mean
graspingness . passion
grasps . possession
grasser . olive
grasshopper . bee
grasshoppers . bee
grassland . plain
grasslands . plain
grassplot . garden
grassroots . central
grate . file
grated . file
grateful . pleased
gratefulness . obligation
grates . file
gratify . please
gratification . joy
gratifications . joy
gratified . accomplished
gratifies . please
gratifying . pleasant
grating . dry
gratings . frame
gratitude . obligation
gratuity . bonus
gratuities . bonus
graveclothes . clothing
graved . cut
graveyard . cemetery
graveyards . cemetery
gravel . sand
graveled . brick
graveling . brick
gravelled . brick
gravelling . brick
gravels . sand
graveness . concern
graveolent . bad
graver . heavy
graves . heavy
gravest . heavy
gravestone . marker
gravestones . marker
gravy . juice
gravies . juice
graving . drive
gravitate . tend
gravitated . tend
gravitates . tend
gravitating . tend
gravitation . gravity
gravitations . gravity
gravities . pressure
graze . kiss
grazed . kiss
grazer . producer
grazers . producer
grazes . kiss
grazing . eating
grease . oil
greased . oil
greasepaint . paint
greases . oil
greasing . oil
greatcoat . jacket
greatcoats . jacket
greatness . intensity
grecian . classic
greed . excess
greeds . excess
greenback . currency
greenbacks . currency
greener . fresh
greenery . flower
greeneries . flower
greenest . fresh
greengrocery . crop
greengroceries . crop
greenhorn . amateur
greenhorns . amateur
greenhouse . nursery
greenhouses . nursery
greenness . childhood
greens . fresh
greensward . earth
greet . address
greeted . address
greets . address
gregariousness . fellowship
grenade . shell
grenades . shell
griddle . spider
griddled . pan
griddles . spider
griddling . pan
gridiron . field
gridirons . field
gridlock . barrier
grids . framework
grief . pain
griefs . pain
grievance . beef
grievances . beef
grieve . cry
grieved . cry
grieves . cry
grieving . cry
grievously . very
grievousness . pain
griffin . cat
griffins . cat
grifter . fraud
grifters . fraud
grille . framework
grilled . burn
grilles . framework
grilling . burn
grills . burn
grillwork . chain
grim . terrible
grimace . face
grimaced . face
grimaces . face
grimacing . mouth
grimalkin . lion
grime . dust
grimed . mark
grimes . dust
griming . mark
grimmer . terrible
grimmest . terrible
grin . beam
grind . labor
grinded . labor
grinder . productive
grinders . sub
grindings . wear
grinds . labor
grindstone . activity
grindstones . activity
grinned . beam
grinning . beam
grins . beam
gripe . disorder
griped . disorder
gripes . disorder
gripped . take
gripping . exciting
grips . anchor
gripsack . bag
gripsacks . bag
gript . anchor
grisly . terrible
grislier . terrible
grisliest . terrible
grit . dust
grits . dust
gritty . rough
grittier . rough
grittiest . rough
grizzle . silver
grizzled . gray
grizzles . silver
grizzly . gray
grizzlier . gray
grizzliest . gray
grizzling . silver
groan . cry
groaned . cry
groaning . cry
groans . cry
grocer . dealer
groceries . produce
grocers . dealer
grog . alcohol
groggy . confused
groggier . confused
groggiest . confused
grogs . alcohol
groom . husband
groomed . tend
grooming . tend
grooms . husband
groove . canal
grooved . cut
grooves . canal
groovy . fabulous
groovier . fabulous
grooviest . fabulous
grooving . glad
grope . examine
groped . examine
gropes . examine
groping . examine
grossed . great
grosser . great
grosses . great
grossest . great
grossing . earn
grossness . evil
grotesque . bizarre
grotesqueness . horror
grotesques . geek
grotto . chamber
grottoes . chamber
grottos . chamber
grouch . bear
grouched . bear
grouches . bear
grouchiness . anger
grouching . bear
groundbreaker . creator
grounded . found
grounder . roller
grounders . roller
grounding . found
groundless . false
groundnut . earth
groundskeeping . growing
groundward . falling
groundwork . preparation
grouped . arrange
grouper . civil
grouping . organization
groupings . organization
grovel . court
groveled . court
groveler . fan
grovelers . fan
grovelled . court
grovelling . court
grovels . court
groves . brake
grower . farmer
growers . farmer
growl . roll
growled . roll
growler . bottle
growlers . bottle
growling . roll
growls . roll
grownup . mature
grows . advance
growths . advance
grubbery . commons
grubberies . commons
grubby . black
grubbier . black
grubbiest . black
grubstake . business
grubstaked . business
grubstaker . advocate
grubstakes . business
grubstaking . business
grudge . hate
grudged . hate
grudges . hate
grudging . deny
grudgingly . carefully
grueling . trying
gruesome . terrible
gruff . nasty
gruffer . nasty
gruffest . nasty
grumble . kick
grumbled . kick
grumbler . bear
grumblers . bear
grumbles . kick
grume . paste
grumes . paste
grump . bear
grumped . moon
grumping . moon
grumps . bear
grunt . cry
grunted . cry
grunting . cry
grunts . cry
guaranteeing . assure
guarantees . agreement
guaranty . certification
guarantied . approve
guaranties . certification
guarantying . approve
guarantor . sponsor
guarantors . sponsor
guarded . reserved
guardedly . carefully
guardedness . attention
guardhouse . jail
guardhouses . jail
guardians . angel
guardianship . custody
guardianships . custody
guarding . cover
guards . guardian
gubernatorial . administrative
gudgeon . fish
gudgeons . fish
guerdon . claim
guerdoned . award
guerdoning . award
guerdons . claim
guerilla . con
guerillas . con
guerrilla . terrorist
guerrillas . terrorist
guessed . believe
guesses . assumption
guessing . assuming
guesstimate . basically
guesstimates . belief
guesstimating . assess
guesswork . assumption
guff . bull
guffawing . laugh
guffs . bull
guidances . advice
guidebook . manual
guidebooks . manual
guideline . code
guidepost . logo
guideposts . logo
guider . leader
guiders . leader
guiding . advise
guilds . federation
guile . craft
guilefully . carefully
guilelessly . commonly
guilelessness . lack
guiles . craft
guillotine . execute
guillotined . execute
guillotines . execute
guillotining . execute
guilt . liability
guiltier . liable
guiltiest . liable
guiltiness . craft
guiltless . innocent
guilts . liability
guise . air
guised . dress
guises . air
guising . dress
gulch . channel
gulches . channel
gulfs . basin
gull . fool
gulled . fool
gulley . channel
gulleys . channel
gullet . throat
gullets . throat
gully . channel
gullibility . lack
gullies . channel
gulling . fool
gullion . stone
gulls . fool
gulped . belt
gulper . piece
gum . paste
gumbo . bowl
gumbos . bowl
gummed . holding
gumminess . fusion
gumming . fix
gummous . deep
gump . comic
gumption . ability
gumptions . ability
gums . paste
gumshoe . investigator
gumshoed . slide
gumshoeing . slide
gumshoes . investigator
gunboat . bottle
gunboats . bottle
gunfire . blast
gunfires . blast
gunk . dirt
gunky . dirty
gunks . dirt
gunman . killer
gunmen . killer
gunned . ride
gunner . soldier
gunnery . battery
gunneries . battery
gunners . soldier
gunny . bag
gunnies . bag
gunpowder . weapons
gunslinger . con
gunslingers . con
gurgle . bubble
gurgled . bubble
gurgles . bubble
gurgling . fit
gurney . truck
gurneys . truck
gurry . bank
gurries . bank
guru . master
gurus . master
gush . flood
gushed . pour
gushes . flood
gusset . joint
gussets . joint
gust . blast
gustation . stomach
gustative . sonic
gustatory . sonic
gusted . cloud
gusto . appreciation
gustoes . appreciation
gusts . blast
gut . basic
gutlessness . fear
guts . heart
gutsy . bold
gutsier . bold
gutsiest . bold
gutsiness . determination
gutted . empty
gutter . pipe
guttered . drop
guttering . drop
gutters . pipe
gutty . bold
guttier . bold
guttiest . bold
guttiness . determination
gutting . empty
guttural . low
guv . administrator
habiliment . apparel
habiliments . apparel
habilitate . dress
habilitated . dress
habilitating . dress
habilitation . ability
habit . custom
habitation . residence
habited . dress
habiting . dress
habits . custom
habitual . chronic
habitually . commonly
habituate . adjust
habituated . confirmed
habituates . adjust
habituating . adjust
habituation . conditioning
habituations . conditioning
habitude . addiction
habitudes . addiction
habitus . body
hacienda . ranch
haciendas . ranch
hack . pro
hackamore . check
hackers . operator
hacking . disable
hackle . clip
hackled . crack
hackles . clip
hackling . crack
hackney . taxi
hackneys . taxi
hacks . pro
haddest . accept
hadst . accept
haematid . egg
haft . tail
hafts . tail
hag . bag
haggard . spare
haggardness . consumption
haggle . bargain
haggled . bargain
haggles . bargain
haggling . bargain
hags . bag
haha . humor
hay . grass
haycock . rick
haycocks . rick
haiku . composition
hail . rain
hailed . address
hailing . address
hails . rain
hailstone . crystal
hailstones . crystal
hailstorm . rain
hailstorms . rain
haymaker . belt
haymakers . belt
haircut . bob
haircuts . bob
hairdo . do
hairdos . do
hairdressing . do
hayrick . rick
hayricks . rick
hairless . shaved
hairline . indirect
hairpin . pin
hairpins . pin
hairs . fiber
hairsplitter . criticism
hairsplitters . criticism
hairstyle . bob
hairstyles . bob
hays . grass
haystack . rick
haystacks . rick
haywire . nuts
haj . passenger
haji . explorer
hajis . explorer
halation . aurora
halations . aurora
halberd . bill
halberds . bill
halcyon . quiet
hale . fit
haled . draw
haleness . constitution
halenesses . constitution
haler . fit
hales . draw
halest . fit
halfblood . cross
halfer . partly
halfmoon . arch
halftone . cartoon
halftones . cartoon
halfway . average
halfwit . beast
halieutic . fishing
halieutics . fishing
haling . draw
hallelujah . carol
hallelujahs . carol
hallmark . trademark
hallmarks . trademark
halloo . call
halloos . call
hallow . praise
hallowed . holy
hallowedness . faith
hallowing . praise
hallows . praise
halls . entrance
hallucinate . trip
hallucinated . trip
hallucinates . trip
hallucinating . trip
hallucination . fantasy
hallucinations . fantasy
hallucinatory . fantastic
hallway . entrance
hallways . entrance
halo . aurora
haloed . band
haloes . aurora
haloing . band
halos . aurora
halt . termination
halted . arrest
halter . disabled
halteres . rope
halters . rope
halting . slow
halts . termination
halvah . dear
halvahs . dear
halver . contribution
halvers . contribution
halves . fraction
hambone . actor
hamlet . community
hamlets . community
hammed . display
hammered . bang
hammering . bang
hammers . bang
hamming . assuming
hammock . port
hammocks . port
hampered . block
hampering . block
handbag . bag
handbags . bag
handbill . advertisement
handbills . advertisement
handbooks . directory
handcart . truck
handcarts . truck
handclap . bang
handclasp . crowd
handclasps . crowd
handcraftsman . builder
handcuff . band
handcuffed . band
handcuffing . band
handcuffs . chains
handful . few
handfuls . tumor
handgrip . anchor
handgrips . anchor
handgun . gun
handguns . gun
handhold . anchor
handholds . anchor
handicap . barrier
handicapped . disabled
handicapping . burden
handicaps . barrier
handicraft . art
handicrafter . composer
handicrafts . art
handicraftsman . operator
handicraftsmen . operator
handier . accessible
handiest . accessible
handily . easily
handiness . skill
handing . deliver
handiwork . creation
handler . administrator
handlers . administrator
handlings . administration
handmaiden . girl
handmaidens . girl
handout . donation
handouts . donation
handpick . name
handpicked . approved
handpicking . name
handpicks . name
handrail . rail
handrails . rail
handset . bug
handsets . bug
handshake . harmony
handshaker . leader
handshakes . harmony
handsome . athletic
handsomeness . attraction
handsomer . athletic
handsomest . athletic
handwork . creation
handworks . creation
handwrit . ink
handwrite . ink
handwrites . ink
handwriting . script
handwritings . script
handwrote . ink
hangar . garage
hangars . garage
hanged . attach
hanger . blade
hangers . blade
hangings . hanging
hangout . bar
hangover . withdrawal
hangovers . withdrawal
hangs . attach
hangup . bar
hangups . block
hank . curve
hanker . long
hankered . long
hankering . want
hankerings . want
hankers . long
hanks . curve
hap . accident
haphazard . casual
happed . accident
happenings . accident
happenstance . fate
happier . glad
happiest . glad
happing . accident
haps . accident
harangue . address
harangued . address
harangues . address
haranguing . address
harass . burn
harassed . burn
harasses . burn
harassing . burn
harassment . trouble
harassments . trouble
harbinger . herald
harbingers . herald
harborage . harbor
harbored . accommodate
harboring . accommodate
harbors . port
hardcovers . album
harden . cake
hardened . prepared
hardening . setting
hardens . cake
hardest . solid
hardhead . fool
hardheaded . practical
hardheads . fool
hardy . firm
hardier . firm
hardiest . firm
hardihood . confidence
hardily . actively
hardiness . confidence
harding . combat
hardness . assurance
hardnesses . assurance
hards . combat
hardshell . strict
hardship . danger
hardships . danger
hardtack . cookie
hardtacks . cookie
hardtop . auto
hardtops . auto
hardwares . housewares
hardwood . forest
hardwoods . forest
hardworking . dedicated
harefooted . active
hark . listen
harked . listen
harken . accept
harkened . accept
harkening . accept
harkens . accept
harking . listen
harks . listen
harmed . hurt
harmful . adverse
harmfully . very
harming . abuse
harmless . gentle
harmlessly . carefully
harmonic . musical
harmonics . frequency
harmonies . consensus
harmonious . balanced
harmoniously . accordingly
harmoniousness . agreement
harmonization . adjustment
harmonizations . adjustment
harmonize . adjust
harmonized . adjust
harmonizes . adjust
harmonizing . adjust
harms . abuse
harness . belt
harnessed . apply
harnesses . belt
harnessing . apply
harp . repeat
harped . repeat
harper . performance
harpers . performance
harping . repeat
harpoon . bomb
harpoons . bomb
harps . repeat
harridan . woman
harridans . woman
harrier . crowd
harriers . tough
harries . attack
harrying . attack
harrow . destroy
harrowed . destroy
harrows . destroy
harsh . hard
harsher . hard
harshest . hard
harshness . anger
harvested . collect
harvester . producer
harvesters . producer
harvesting . collecting
harvests . intake
harvesttime . intake
hash . confusion
hashed . mixed
hashery . bar
hashes . confusion
hashing . disagree
hashish . drug
hashishes . drug
hasp . close
hasped . fix
hasping . fix
hasps . close
hassle . difficulty
hassled . argue
hassles . difficulty
hassling . argue
hast . accept
haste . drive
hasted . chase
hasten . advance
hastened . advance
hastening . advance
hastens . advance
hastes . drive
hasty . quick
hastier . quick
hastiest . quick
hastily . quickly
hastiness . drive
hasting . chase
hatch . breed
hatchback . auto
hatchbacks . auto
hatched . concluded
hatchel . adjust
hatcheled . adjust
hatcheling . adjust
hatchelled . adjust
hatchelling . adjust
hatchels . adjust
hatches . breed
hatchet . bill
hatchets . bill
hatching . breed
hateable . nasty
hatefulness . despite
hates . horror
hath . accept
hatred . hate
hatreds . hate
haughtiness . pride
haul . cargo
haulage . drag
haulages . drag
hauled . bring
hauling . bring
hauls . cargo
haunch . hip
haunches . hip
haunt . bar
haunter . appearance
haunters . appearance
haunting . repeated
haunts . bar
haustella . organ
haustellum . organ
hauteur . pride
hauteurs . pride
havana . smoke
havened . harbor
havening . harbor
havens . shelter
haversack . pack
haversacks . pack
havings . control
havoc . chaos
havocked . destroy
havocking . destroy
havocs . chaos
haw . bean
hawked . canvas
hawker . seller
hawkers . seller
hawking . fishing
hawkings . fishing
haws . bean
hawser . cable
hawsers . cable
hazan . leader
hazanim . leader
hazans . leader
hazarded . risk
hazarding . risk
hazardousness . danger
hazards . risk
haze . cloud
hazed . film
hazel . amber
hazes . cloud
haziness . darkness
hazinesses . darkness
headache . trouble
headaches . trouble
headdress . hat
headdresses . hat
headgear . cap
headgears . cap
headhunter . reviewer
headhunters . reviewer
heady . exciting
headier . exciting
headiest . exciting
headings . description
headland . cape
headlands . cape
headlight . lamp
headlights . lamp
headline . title
headlined . advertise
headliner . personality
headliners . personality
headlining . displaying
headlong . sudden
headman . boss
headmaster . principal
headmasters . principal
headmen . boss
headmost . basic
headphone . bug
headroom . area
headrooms . area
headsets . attitude
headshrinker . analyst
headstall . check
headstalls . check
headstone . marker
headstones . marker
headstrongness . resolve
headway . advance
headways . advance
heal . fix
healed . fix
healer . physician
healers . physician
heals . fix
healthful . healthy
healthfulness . constitution
healthily . actively
healthiness . constitution
healths . energy
heap . bundle
heaped . collected
heaping . full
heaps . bundle
hearable . distinct
hearer . crowd
hearers . crowd
hearings . ear
hearken . attend
hearkened . attend
hearkening . attend
hearkens . attend
hears . attend
hearsay . comment
hearsays . comment
hearse . grave
hearses . grave
heartache . suffering
heartaches . suffering
heartbeat . pulse
heartbeats . pulse
heartbreak . pain
heartbreaker . lover
heartbreaking . affecting
heartbreaks . pain
heartbroken . sad
heartbrokenly . greatly
hearten . assure
heartened . assure
heartens . assure
heartfelt . honest
hearty . genuine
heartier . genuine
hearties . marine
heartiest . genuine
heartiness . constitution
heartlands . belly
heartlessness . violence
heartrending . sad
heartsickening . sad
heartsickness . pain
heartsore . sad
heartthrob . beauty
heartthrobs . beauty
heated . intense
heater . oven
heaters . oven
heath . plain
heaths . plain
heats . fever
heave . boost
heaved . boost
heavenly . delicious
heavens . paradise
heaves . boost
heavier . big
heavies . advantage
heaviest . big
heavyheartedness . blues
heaviness . density
heaving . boost
heavyweight . fat
heavyweights . fat
hecatomb . crime
hecatombs . crime
heckle . dis
heckled . dis
heckler . radical
hecklers . radical
heckles . dis
heckling . dis
hectic . exciting
hector . ride
hectored . ride
hectoring . ride
hectors . ride
hedge . barrier
hedged . barrier
hedgerow . barrier
hedgerows . barrier
hedges . barrier
hedging . duck
hedonism . pleasure
hedonisms . pleasure
heed . application
heeded . hear
heeder . audience
heeders . audience
heedfulness . application
heeding . hear
heedlessly . easily
heedlessness . freedom
heeds . application
heel . attend
heeled . attend
heeler . nasty
heelers . chick
heeling . attend
heels . attend
heft . amount
hefted . boost
hefty . fat
heftier . fat
heftiest . fat
heftiness . density
hefting . boost
hefts . amount
hegemony . authority
hegemonies . authority
hegira . trip
hegiras . trip
heyday . day
heydays . day
heighten . boost
heightened . intense
heightening . boost
heightens . boost
heinie . bottom
heinies . bottom
heinousness . bulk
heiress . holder
heiresses . holder
heirloom . antique
heirlooms . antique
heirship . culture
heirships . culture
heist . theft
heisted . appropriate
heister . criminal
heisters . criminal
heisting . appropriate
heists . theft
helical . circular
helices . screw
helicoid . circular
heliograph . radar
heliographs . radar
heliotrope . color
heliotropes . color
helipad . installation
helipads . installation
heliport . installation
heliports . installation
helix . screw
helixes . screw
hell . difficulty
hellcat . cat
hellcats . cat
hellenic . classic
hellenism . balance
hellfire . grave
hellhound . con
hellion . punk
hellions . punk
hellish . terrible
helloed . greetings
helloes . greetings
helloing . greetings
hellos . acceptance
hells . difficulty
helm . command
helmed . bring
helmet . hat
helmets . hat
helming . bring
helms . command
helmsman . pilot
helmsmanship . exploration
helmsmen . pilot
helot . dependent
helotry . labor
helotries . labor
helots . dependent
helper . companion
helpers . companion
helpfulness . aid
helpings . course
helpless . disabled
helplessness . disorder
helpmate . assistant
helpmates . assistant
helve . beam
helves . beam
hem . skirt
heman . bold
hematic . open
hemen . male
hemic . open
hemicycle . arc
hemisect . cross
hemisphere . fraction
hemispheres . fraction
hemoglobin . juice
hemp . fiber
hemps . fiber
hen . chicken
henceforward . so
henchman . accessory
henchmen . accessory
henna . amber
hens . chicken
hep . adequate
hepper . adequate
heralded . advertise
heralding . advertise
heraldry . coat
heraldries . coat
heralds . courier
herb . tea
herbaceous . fresh
hercules . bulk
herculeses . bulk
herd . collection
herded . associate
herding . associate
herds . collection
hereabouts . attending
hereditary . genetic
heredity . constitution
heredities . constitution
hereinafter . so
heres . attending
heresy . error
heresies . error
heretofore . formerly
heritable . genetic
heritages . culture
heritance . estate
heritor . holder
heritors . holder
hermaphroditic . bi
hermeneutics . exploration
hermetics . magic
hermitic . hidden
hermitical . lonely
hermitlike . isolated
hernia . crack
herniae . crack
hernias . crack
herniation . crack
herniations . crack
heroic . bold
heroics . delivery
heroin . drug
heroine . actress
heroins . drug
heroism . spirit
heroisms . spirit
herolike . confident
hers . owned
hes . boy
hesitance . opposition
hesitancy . uncertainty
hesitancies . uncertainty
hesitant . afraid
hesitate . alternate
hesitated . alternate
hesitates . alternate
hesitation . doubt
hesitations . doubt
heteroclite . odd
heterodoxy . exception
heterodoxies . exception
heterogeneity . array
heterogeneities . array
heterogeneousness . array
heteromorphic . bizarre
hetman . commander
hetmans . commander
heuristic . interested
hew . chip
hewed . chip
hewing . chip
hewn . chip
hews . chip
hex . charm
hexad . semester
hexads . semester
hexahedra . die
hexahedron . die
hexahedrons . die
hexes . charm
hexing . charm
hyaline . clear
hiatus . interval
hiatuses . interval
hibernal . frozen
hibernate . hide
hibernated . hide
hibernates . hide
hibernating . hide
hibernation . dream
hybridize . associate
hybridized . different
hybridizes . associate
hybridizing . associate
hybrids . combination
hiccuped . discharge
hiccuping . discharge
hiccupped . discharge
hiccupping . discharge
hick . farmer
hickey . spot
hickeys . spot
hickory . business
hickories . business
hicks . farmer
hid . cover
hideaway . den
hideaways . den
hided . cover
hideous . nasty
hideout . shelter
hideouts . shelter
hides . cover
hiding . covering
hidings . privacy
hydra . infection
hydrae . infection
hydras . infection
hydroid . tumor
hydroids . tumor
hydrolysate . fountain
hydrolyze . determine
hydrolyzed . determine
hydrolyzing . determine
hie . rush
hied . rush
hieing . rush
hiemal . frozen
hierarch . bishop
hierarchy . ranking
hierarchical . ranked
hierarchies . ranking
hierarchs . bishop
hieroglyph . figure
hieroglyphics . print
hies . rush
hyetal . wet
highball . bottle
highballed . address
highballing . address
highballs . bottle
highboy . desk
highboys . desk
highbrow . wise
highbrowed . creative
highbrows . wise
highhandedness . pride
highjack . annex
highjacked . annex
highjacks . annex
highlands . ridge
highlighted . displayed
highlighting . displaying
highliving . evil
highness . height
highnesses . height
hightail . bound
hightailed . bound
hightailing . bound
hightails . bound
hightop . boot
highwayman . criminal
highwaymen . criminal
highways . avenue
hying . rush
hijack . shanghai
hijacked . shanghai
hijacker . terrorist
hijackers . terrorist
hijacking . shanghai
hijackings . copying
hijacks . shanghai
hike . trek
hiked . trek
hikes . trek
hyla . frog
hilarity . entertainment
hilarities . entertainment
hylas . frog
hilled . collect
hilly . rocky
hillier . rocky
hilliest . rocky
hilling . collect
hillock . mount
hillocks . mount
hillside . border
hillsides . border
hilltop . outside
hilltops . ridge
hilt . tail
hilts . tail
himalayas . sierra
hymn . carol
hymned . celebrate
hymning . celebrate
hymns . carol
hind . behind
hinder . block
hindered . block
hindering . block
hindermost . behind
hinders . block
hindquarters . rear
hindrance . barrier
hindrances . barrier
hinds . back
hindsight . experience
hinge . axis
hinged . depend
hinges . axis
hinging . axis
hint . advice
hinted . advice
hinterland . brush
hinterlands . brush
hinting . advise
hype . advertising
hyped . attached
hyper . charged
hyperbola . arc
hyperbolas . arc
hyperbole . enlargement
hyperboles . enlargement
hyperbolic . vocal
hyperbolize . boost
hyperbolized . boost
hyperbolizing . boost
hyperboreal . frozen
hyperborean . arctic
hypercriticize . avoid
hypersensitive . emotional
hypersonic . hot
hypes . advertising
hyphen . bend
hyphens . bend
hyping . press
hypnoses . trance
hypnosis . trance
hypnotherapy . suggestion
hypnotics . merchandise
hypnotism . suggestion
hypnotist . medium
hypnotists . medium
hypnotize . charm
hypnotizes . charm
hypnotizing . charm
hypocrisy . fraud
hypocrisies . fraud
hypocrite . actor
hypocrites . actor
hypocritical . false
hypocriticalness . fraud
hypomnesia . blank
hypostatize . appear
hypostatized . appear
hypostatizing . appear
hypothecate . deposit
hypothecated . deposit
hypothecates . deposit
hypothecating . deposit
hypothecation . charge
hypotheses . assumption
hypothesis . assumption
hypothesize . consider
hypothesized . consider
hypothesizes . consider
hypothesizing . consider
hypothetical . theoretical
hipper . contemporary
hippest . contemporary
hippodrome . stadium
hippodromes . stadium
hips . bean
hired . employed
hireling . employee
hirelings . employee
hires . draft
hirings . business
hiss . buzz
hissed . blow
hisser . owned
hisses . buzz
hissing . blow
hysteric . disturbed
hysterical . crazy
hysterics . entertainment
histology . analysis
histologies . analysis
historian . professor
historians . professor
histories . past
historiographer . recorder
historiographers . recorder
histrionics . performance
histrionism . theater
hitch . block
hitched . block
hitches . block
hitchhike . thumb
hitchhiked . thumb
hitchhiker . customer
hitchhikers . customer
hitchhikes . thumb
hitchhiking . thumb
hitching . block
hither . here
hitherto . already
hived . deposit
hiving . deposit
hoagie . hero
hoagies . hero
hoard . cache
hoarded . acquire
hoarding . acquire
hoardings . growth
hoards . cache
hoarfrost . ice
hoarfrosts . ice
hoariness . white
hoars . ice
hoax . con
hoaxed . con
hoaxer . cheat
hoaxers . cheat
hoaxes . con
hoaxing . con
hob . gnome
hobbyist . authority
hobbyists . authority
hobnob . mix
hobnobbed . mix
hobnobbing . mix
hobnobs . mix
hobs . gnome
hocus . cant
hod . can
hodgepodge . collection
hods . can
hoe . dig
hoed . dig
hoedown . hop
hoedowns . hop
hoeing . dig
hoes . dig
hogan . canvas
hogans . canvas
hogback . hill
hogbacks . hill
hogpen . pen
hogshead . drum
hogsheads . drum
hogtie . disable
hogtied . bar
hogties . bar
hogtying . bar
hogwash . bull
hogwashes . bull
hoist . raise
hoisted . raise
hoisting . raise
hoists . raise
hoke . affect
hoked . affect
hokes . affect
hoking . affect
hokum . corn
hokums . corn
holdall . gear
holdalls . gear
holden . grip
holdout . moderator
holdouts . moderator
holdover . surplus
holdovers . surplus
holdup . delay
holdups . delay
holed . expand
holidayed . cruise
holidaying . cruise
holier . divine
holiest . divine
holiness . faith
holinesses . faith
holing . expand
holistic . comprehensive
holler . cry
hollered . cry
hollering . cry
hollers . cry
hollow . void
hollowed . channel
hollower . void
hollowest . void
hollowing . void
hollowness . blank
hollows . void
hollowware . service
homage . tribute
homages . tribute
hombre . fellow
hombres . fellow
homebody . friend
homebodies . friend
homecoming . appearance
homecomings . appearance
homefolk . blood
homefolks . blood
homegrown . domestic
homey . pleasant
homelands . home
homelike . comfortable
homemaking . administration
homeostases . balance
homeostasis . balance
homeowner . owner
homeowners . owner
homer . central
homeric . classic
homeroom . course
homerooms . course
homers . gain
homesick . lonely
homesickness . isolation
homespun . ordinary
homestead . estate
homesteader . developer
homesteaders . developer
homesteads . estate
hometown . country
hometowns . country
homeworks . class
homicidal . violent
homicide . crime
homicides . crime
homier . pleasant
homiest . pleasant
homily . lecture
homilies . lecture
homilize . teach
hominal . animal
hominid . animal
hominify . contain
hominine . animal
hominoid . animal
hominoids . human
homogeneity . agreement
homogeneities . agreement
homogeneousness . agreement
homogenize . accommodate
homogenized . cream
homogenizes . accommodate
homogenizing . accommodate
homology . coordination
homologies . coordination
homologize . accommodate
homologizing . accommodate
homologue . comparison
homosexual . gay
homosexuals . gay
homuncule . gnome
homunculi . gnome
homunculus . gnome
honcho . boss
honchos . boss
hone . edge
honed . edge
honeybunch . angel
honeycomb . drill
honeycombed . drill
honeycombing . drill
honeycombs . drill
honeying . butter
honeys . dear
hones . edge
honesty . confidence
honesties . confidence
honestly . fairly
honestness . principle
honied . butter
honing . edge
honk . blast
honked . blast
honking . blast
honkytonks . bar
honks . blast
honorable . distinguished
honorableness . confidence
honoraria . compensation
honorarium . compensation
honorariums . compensation
honored . distinguished
honorific . brand
honorifics . brand
honoring . appreciate
hooding . coat
hoodlum . criminal
hoodoo . charm
hoodooed . charm
hoodooing . charm
hoodoos . charm
hoodwink . buffalo
hoodwinked . buffalo
hoodwinking . buffalo
hoodwinks . buffalo
hooey . bull
hooeys . bull
hoof . foot
hoofed . march
hoofing . march
hoofprint . impression
hoofs . foot
hookah . plumbing
hookahs . plumbing
hooked . devoted
hooker . pro
hookers . pro
hookier . away
hookiest . away
hooking . curve
hooks . curve
hookup . connection
hookups . connection
hooligan . criminal
hooligans . criminal
hoop . band
hoopla . buzz
hooplas . buzz
hoops . band
hooray . er
hoorays . er
hoosegow . cooler
hoosegows . cooler
hootch . alcohol
hootches . alcohol
hooves . foot
hoped . assume
hopeful . comfortable
hopefulness . confidence
hopefuls . applicant
hopeless . desperate
hopelessness . pain
hophead . user
hopheads . user
hopped . bound
hopper . bowl
hoppers . bowl
hopping . bound
hops . bound
hopscotch . cruise
hora . collective
horas . collective
horde . crowd
hordeola . den
hordeolum . den
hordes . crowd
horizons . boundary
hormones . pill
hornbook . addition
hornbooks . addition
horned . acute
hornet . bee
hornets . bee
horning . hook
horns . bill
hornswoggle . fool
hornswoggled . fool
hornswoggling . fool
horologe . calendar
horologes . calendar
horological . historical
horometrical . historical
horoscope . prediction
horoscopes . prediction
horoscopy . power
horrendous . awesome
horrible . nasty
horribly . extremely
horrify . alarm
horrifies . alarm
horrifying . alarm
horrors . terror
horsed . riding
horsefeathers . jazz
horsepower . energy
horsepowers . energy
horseradish . pepper
horseradishes . pepper
horseshoe . arc
horseshoes . arc
horsewhip . bat
horsewhipped . drum
horsewhips . bat
horsewoman . rider
horsewomen . rider
horticultural . agricultural
horticulture . agriculture
hosanna . carol
hosannas . carol
hosed . wet
hosen . tube
hoses . tube
hosiery . hose
hosieries . hose
hosing . blame
hospice . clinic
hospices . clinic
hospitable . friendly
hospitableness . accommodation
hospitalities . accommodation
hospitalization . analysis
hospitalizations . analysis
hospitalized . down
hostage . victim
hostages . victim
hostel . hotel
hosteled . accommodate
hosteling . accommodate
hostelling . accommodate
hostelry . hotel
hostelries . hotel
hostels . hotel
hostess . host
hostesses . host
hostile . adverse
hostilely . individually
hostility . opposition
hostilities . opposition
hotbed . headquarters
hotbeds . headquarters
hotblooded . dramatic
hotcake . cake
hotcakes . cake
hotchpotch . confusion
hotdog . dominant
hotdogged . alarm
hotdogger . confident
hotdogs . celebrity
hotelier . saw
hoteliers . saw
hotelkeeper . saw
hotfoot . clip
hotfooted . clip
hotfooting . clip
hotfoots . clip
hothead . radical
hotheadedness . anger
hotheads . radical
hothouse . bed
hothouses . bed
hotness . fever
hotnesses . fever
hots . passion
hotshots . pilot
hotter . red
hound . pointer
hounded . pursue
hounding . pursue
hounds . pointer
hourglass . clock
hourglasses . clock
housebound . broken
housebreak . keep
housebroke . keep
housebroken . gentle
housecleaning . discharge
housecoat . costume
housecoats . costume
housecraft . administration
housed . accommodate
householder . owner
householders . owner
housemother . administrator
housemothers . administrator
housetop . beam
housetops . beam
housework . administration
housings . construction
hove . boost
hovel . cottage
hovels . cottage
hover . fly
hovered . fly
hovering . fly
hovers . fly
howbeit . still
howdah . seat
howdahs . seat
howdy . greetings
howdies . greetings
howitzer . bomb
howitzers . bomb
howl . bay
howled . bay
howler . fault
howlers . fault
howling . bay
howls . bay
hows . cause
hq . headquarters
hu . air
huarache . shoe
huaraches . shoe
hubby . companion
hubbies . companion
hubbub . confusion
hubbubs . confusion
hubris . brass
hubrises . brass
hubs . core
huckster . seller
huckstered . canvas
huckstering . canvas
hucksters . seller
huddle . bunch
huddled . bunch
huddles . bunch
huddling . bunch
hue . tone
hued . brilliant
hues . tone
huff . anger
huffed . blow
huffiness . anger
huffing . anger
huffs . anger
hug . lock
hugely . greatly
huger . extensive
hugest . extensive
hugged . lock
hugging . lock
hugs . lock
huh . er
hulk . body
hulks . body
hull . frame
hullabaloo . chaos
hullabaloos . chaos
hulled . skin
hulling . skin
hulls . frame
hum . sing
humane . democratic
humaneness . attachment
humanism . development
humanisms . development
humanistic . flexible
humanitarian . good
humanitarianism . charity
humanitarians . good
humanize . refine
humanized . refine
humanizes . refine
humankind . humanity
humanness . society
humanoid . animal
humanoids . monkey
humble . gentle
humbled . overcome
humbleness . reserve
humbler . gentle
humbles . gentle
humblest . gentle
humbling . overcome
humbug . bull
humbugged . alter
humbugging . alter
humbugs . bull
humdinger . ace
humdingers . ace
humdrum . everyday
humdrums . routine
humectation . moisture
humid . wet
humidify . steam
humidified . steam
humidifies . steam
humidifying . steam
humidities . moisture
humidor . bag
humidors . bag
humiliate . base
humiliates . base
humiliation . confusion
humiliations . confusion
humility . reserve
humilities . reserve
hummed . sing
humming . busy
hummock . ridge
hummocks . ridge
humored . satisfy
humoring . compliant
humorist . card
humorists . card
humorous . comic
humorousness . comedy
humors . fun
hump . hill
humpbacked . damaged
humped . round
humping . arc
humps . hill
hums . sing
hun . beast
hunch . forecast
hunchbacked . damaged
hunched . arch
hunches . forecast
hunching . forecast
hundredth . century
hunger . desire
hungers . desire
hungrily . actively
hungriness . desire
hunk . batch
hunker . bend
hunkered . bend
hunkering . bend
hunkers . bend
hunky . beautiful
hunks . batch
huns . beast
hunted . followed
huntings . fishing
hunts . exploration
hurdle . difficulty
hurdled . difficulty
hurdler . carrier
hurdlers . carrier
hurdles . difficulty
hurdling . bound
hurl . fire
hurled . fire
hurler . ace
hurlers . ace
hurling . fire
hurls . fire
hurry . drive
hurricanes . storm
hurried . sudden
hurriedness . drive
hurries . drive
hurrying . flying
hurtful . dangerous
hurting . damage
hurtle . fly
hurtled . fly
hurtles . fly
hurtless . frank
hurtling . fly
hurts . cut
husbanded . contain
husbanding . controlling
husbandless . eligible
husbandry . agriculture
husbands . companion
hush . calm
hushed . checked
hushes . calm
hushing . calm
husk . case
husked . skin
husky . rough
huskier . rough
huskiest . rough
husking . skin
husks . case
hussar . army
hussars . army
hussy . broad
hussies . broad
hustle . rush
hustled . rush
hustles . rush
hustling . busy
hut . box
hutch . cabinet
hutched . deposit
hutches . cabinet
hutching . deposit
huts . box
huzzah . cry
huzzahs . cry
yachter . marine
yachters . marine
yachtings . exploration
yahoos . beast
yak . chat
yam . murphy
yams . murphy
yank . snap
yanked . snap
yanking . snap
yanks . snap
yap . bay
yardbird . con
yardbirds . con
yarder . outside
yardstick . indicator
yardsticks . indicator
yarn . thread
yarns . thread
yashmak . hat
yashmaks . hat
iatric . therapeutic
iatrical . therapeutic
yaw . bank
yawed . bank
yawing . bank
yawl . vessel
yawls . vessel
yawn . expand
yawned . expand
yawner . everyday
yawning . expand
yawns . expand
yawp . cry
yawped . cry
yawping . cry
yawps . cry
yaws . bank
iceberg . abstract
icebox . frozen
ices . crystal
ichorous . running
icy . cold
icicle . crystal
icicles . crystal
icier . cold
iciest . cold
icing . cream
icings . cream
icky . nasty
ickier . nasty
ickiest . nasty
iconoclasm . exception
iconoclast . radical
iconoclasts . radical
iconography . drawing
iconographies . drawing
idealism . confidence
idealisms . confidence
idealist . radical
idealistic . radical
idealists . radical
ideality . aspect
idealities . aspect
idealization . honor
idealizations . honor
idealize . dream
idealized . dream
idealizes . dream
idealizing . dream
ideally . correctly
ideals . ethics
ideate . appreciate
ideated . appreciate
ideates . appreciate
ideating . appreciate
ideation . attention
ideational . abstract
ideations . attention
identically . fairly
identicalness . equality
identifications . description
identifiers . accessory
identifies . analyze
identities . character
ideograph . characters
ideographs . characters
ideology . culture
ideological . intellectual
ideologies . culture
idyll . delay
idylls . delay
idiom . phrase
idioms . phrase
idiopathic . proceeding
idiosyncrasy . bit
idiosyncrasies . bit
idiot . fool
idiotic . crazy
idiots . fool
idle . empty
idled . decrease
idleness . leisure
idlenesses . leisure
idles . decrease
idlest . empty
idly . slowly
idol . hero
idolatry . worship
idolatries . worship
idolatrize . love
idolatrized . love
idolatrizing . love
idolism . worship
idolisms . worship
idolization . attachment
idolize . love
idolized . love
idolizer . companion
idolizers . companion
idolizes . love
idolizing . love
idols . hero
yea . okay
yearbook . calendar
yearbooks . calendar
yearly . annual
yearlong . chronic
yearn . pine
yearned . pine
yearning . passion
yearnings . passion
yearns . pine
yeas . okay
yeasted . color
yeasting . color
yell . call
yelled . call
yellower . chicken
yellowest . chicken
yellows . chicken
yells . call
yen . desire
yenned . long
yenning . long
yens . long
yeoman . assistant
yeomen . assistant
yep . fine
yeses . bow
yessed . advocate
yesses . advocate
yessing . advocate
yesterdays . past
yesteryear . past
yesteryears . past
iffiness . doubt
iffinesses . doubt
ignite . burn
ignited . burn
ignites . burn
igniting . burn
ignominiousness . evil
ignoramus . fool
ignoramuses . fool
ignorance . darkness
ignorant . innocent
ignores . avoid
ignoring . avoid
yielded . allow
yields . crop
yip . bay
yipped . call
yipping . call
yips . bay
ikon . figure
ikons . figure
ilk . brand
ilks . brand
illation . analysis
illations . analysis
illegality . break
illegalities . break
illegalize . ban
illegalized . ban
illegalizing . ban
illegally . extremely
illegitimate . illegal
illhumor . anger
illiberality . bias
illicit . illegal
illicitness . wrong
illiteracy . darkness
illiteracies . darkness
illnesses . breakdown
illogical . false
ills . abuse
illtempered . dangerous
illtreatment . corruption
illude . alter
illuded . alter
illuding . alter
illume . better
illumed . better
illumes . better
illuminate . flash
illuminates . flash
illuminati . academic
illumination . beam
illuminations . beam
illuminato . academic
illumine . light
illumined . light
illumines . light
illuming . better
illumining . light
illusion . confusion
illusionist . wizard
illusionists . wizard
illusions . confusion
illusory . false
illustrate . exhibit
illustrates . exhibit
illustrating . exhibit
illustrious . distinguished
illustriousness . authority
imaged . optical
imagery . representation
imageries . representation
imaginably . perhaps
imaginary . abstract
imaginations . awareness
imaginative . artistic
imaginativeness . awareness
imagines . create
imagining . create
imaginings . assessment
imbathe . clean
imbecile . simple
imbeciles . simple
imbecility . mistake
imbecilities . mistake
imbed . enter
imbedded . enter
imbedding . enter
imbeds . enter
imbibe . belt
imbibed . belt
imbibes . belt
imbibing . belt
imbibition . concentration
imbibitions . concentration
imbricate . cover
imbricating . cover
imbroglio . argument
imbroglios . argument
imbrue . cast
imbrued . open
imbrues . cast
imbruing . charge
imbue . invest
imbued . invest
imbuement . quality
imbues . invest
imbuing . invest
imitate . assume
imitated . reproduced
imitates . assume
imitating . following
imitation . clone
imitations . clone
imitator . echo
imitators . echo
immaculacy . honor
immaculate . bright
immanently . naturally
immature . green
immaturity . youth
immaturities . youth
immeasurable . unlimited
immeasurably . extremely
immedicable . impossible
immense . extensive
immensely . ever
immenseness . bulk
immerse . duck
immersed . buried
immerses . duck
immersing . duck
immersion . concentration
immersions . concentration
immigrant . alien
immigrants . alien
immigrate . arrive
immigrated . arrive
immigrates . arrive
immigrating . arrive
immigrations . migration
imminence . access
imminent . immediate
immingle . associate
immingled . associate
immingles . associate
immingling . associate
immix . blend
immixed . blend
immixes . blend
immixing . blend
immixt . blend
immixture . blend
immobile . static
immobilization . binding
immobilize . action
immobilized . action
immobilizes . action
immobilizing . action
immoderacy . extreme
immoderately . generally
immoderation . attention
immodesty . slip
immolate . suffer
immolated . suffer
immolates . suffer
immolating . suffer
immolation . discount
immolations . discount
immoral . wrong
immorality . break
immoralities . break
immortal . eternal
immortalization . boost
immortalize . celebrate
immortalizes . celebrate
immortalizing . celebrate
immortally . always
immotile . frozen
immovability . determination
immovable . constant
immovably . regularly
immoveable . land
immoveables . land
immunity . charter
immunities . charter
immunize . protect
immunized . protect
immunizer . vaccine
immunizes . protect
immunizing . protect
immunotoxin . vaccine
immuration . custody
immure . jail
immured . jail
immurement . arrest
immures . jail
immuring . jail
immutability . stability
imp . devil
impacted . crash
impactful . impressive
impacting . crash
impair . damage
impaired . damaged
impairing . damage
impairment . damage
impairments . damage
impairs . damage
impale . stick
impaled . stick
impalement . suffering
impalements . suffering
impales . stick
impaling . stick
imparity . bias
imparities . bias
impart . communicate
impartance . admission
impartation . admission
imparted . communicate
impartial . neutral
impartiality . equality
impartially . correctly
imparting . communicate
impartment . distribution
imparts . communicate
impasse . box
impasses . box
impassioned . intense
impassiveness . lack
impatience . anger
impatiently . actively
impeach . blame
impeachable . guilty
impeached . blame
impeaches . blame
impeaching . blame
impeachment . bill
impeachments . bill
impeccable . precise
impeccably . correctly
impeccant . honest
impecuniousness . bankruptcy
impedance . battle
impedances . battle
impede . block
impeded . block
impedes . block
impediment . barrier
impedimenta . equipment
impediments . barrier
impeding . block
impel . boost
impelled . boost
impellent . active
impelling . boost
impels . boost
impend . advance
impended . advance
impendence . hazard
impendent . aggressive
impending . coming
impends . advance
impenetrability . frequency
imperative . critical
imperativeness . crisis
imperatives . authorization
imperator . king
imperceptive . extensive
imperfect . incomplete
imperfection . bug
imperfections . bug
imperforate . perfect
imperia . authority
imperialist . colonial
imperials . brush
imperil . hazard
imperiled . hazard
imperiling . hazard
imperilled . hazard
imperilling . hazard
imperils . hazard
imperiousness . pride
imperishability . age
imperium . authority
imperiums . authority
impermanence . anxiety
impermanent . temporary
impermeability . density
impermeabilities . density
impersonal . abstract
impersonate . act
impersonated . act
impersonates . act
impersonating . act
impersonation . acting
impersonations . acting
impertinence . assurance
impertinences . assurance
imperturbability . stability
imperturbableness . stability
imperturbation . calm
imperviable . immune
impervious . immune
imperviousness . battle
impetrate . ask
impetrated . ask
impetrating . ask
impetration . appeal
impetuosity . assurance
impetuosities . assurance
impetus . incentive
impetuses . incentive
impinge . affect
impinged . affect
impingement . crime
impingements . crime
impinges . affect
impinging . affect
impiousness . abuse
impishness . evil
implant . fix
implantation . advertising
implanted . fix
implanting . fix
implants . fix
implausibility . uncertainty
implausibilities . uncertainty
implausible . impossible
implementations . application
implements . appliance
imply . involve
impliability . density
implicate . affect
implicated . involved
implicates . affect
implicating . affect
implication . conclusion
implicative . similar
implicit . constant
implicitly . essentially
implying . involve
implode . fold
imploded . fold
implodes . fold
imploding . fold
implore . pray
implored . pray
implores . pray
imploring . pray
implosion . bankruptcy
implosions . bankruptcy
imponderable . fine
imponderous . easy
importantly . basically
importation . admission
importations . admission
importing . announce
importunateness . importance
importune . appeal
importuned . appeal
importunes . appeal
importuning . appeal
importunity . emphasis
importunities . emphasis
impose . charge
imposes . charge
imposing . grand
imposingly . generally
imposition . con
impositions . con
impossibility . difficulty
impossibilities . difficulty
impost . assessment
imposter . cheat
imposters . cheat
impostor . actor
impostors . actor
impostrous . affected
imposts . assessment
imposture . cheat
impostures . cheat
imposturous . affected
impound . hold
impounded . captured
impounding . hold
impoundment . custody
impoundments . custody
impounds . hold
impoverish . exhaust
impoverished . broke
impoverishes . exhaust
impoverishing . exhaust
impoverishment . bankruptcy
impracticability . difficulty
impractical . impossible
imprecate . flame
imprecated . flame
imprecates . flame
imprecating . flame
imprecise . false
imprecision . fault
imprecisions . fault
impregnability . freedom
impregnant . stainless
impregnate . charge
impregnates . charge
impregnating . charge
impregnation . consumption
impregnations . consumption
impresario . director
impresarios . director
impress . affect
impressario . administrator
impressed . affected
impresses . affect
impressing . affect
impressionability . awareness
impressionist . actor
impressionists . actor
impressions . effect
impressiveness . gravity
impressment . lottery
impressments . lottery
imprest . affect
imprimatur . charter
imprimaturs . charter
imprint . signature
imprinted . establish
imprinting . signature
imprints . signature
imprison . commit
imprisoning . commit
imprisonment . custody
imprisonments . custody
imprisons . commit
improbability . uncertainty
improbabilities . uncertainty
improbable . rare
impromptu . fake
improper . false
improperness . slip
impropriety . slip
improprieties . slip
improves . advance
improvidence . waste
improvisate . coin
improvise . coin
improvises . coin
improvising . coin
improviso . fake
imps . devil
impudence . brass
impugn . attack
impugnable . dangerous
impugned . attack
impugning . attack
impugnment . abuse
impugns . attack
impuissant . weak
impulse . desire
impulses . desire
impulsion . desire
impulsions . desire
impulsive . violent
impulsiveness . assurance
impunity . exception
impunities . exception
impureness . dirt
impurity . corruption
impurities . corruption
impute . assign
imputed . accused
imputes . assign
imputing . assign
inability . failure
inabilities . failure
inaccessible . remote
inaccuracy . fault
inaccuracies . fault
inaccurate . false
inaction . depression
inactions . depression
inactivate . please
inactivated . please
inactivates . please
inactivating . please
inactive . static
inactivity . leisure
inactivities . leisure
inadequacy . lack
inadequacies . lack
inadequate . incomplete
inadequately . partially
inadequateness . lack
inadmissible . inappropriate
inadvertency . blank
inadvertencies . blank
inadvisability . vice
inamorata . mistress
inamoratas . mistress
inamorato . lover
inamoratos . lover
inanely . extremely
inanition . sleep
inapposite . false
inappreciably . somewhat
inapprehensible . extraordinary
inappropriateness . slip
inaptitude . failure
inaptness . lack
inarticulateness . calm
inartificial . easy
inattentiveness . failure
inaugural . admission
inaugurals . admission
inaugurate . introduce
inaugurated . begun
inaugurates . introduce
inaugurating . introduce
inauguration . launch
inaugurations . launch
inbuilt . fixed
incalculable . vast
incalculably . extremely
incalescence . climate
incandesce . burn
incandesced . burn
incandescence . candle
incandescing . burn
incantation . charm
incantations . charm
incapable . unable
incapacious . limited
incapacitate . disable
incapacitated . hurt
incapacitates . disable
incapacitating . disable
incapacitation . failure
incarcerate . jail
incarcerated . jail
incarcerates . jail
incarcerating . jail
incarnadined . color
incarnadines . color
incarnadining . color
incarnates . demonstrate
incarnating . demonstrate
incautiousness . assurance
incense . perfume
incensement . offense
incenses . perfume
incensing . perfume
incepted . activated
inception . birth
inceptions . birth
incertitude . doubt
incessant . constant
incessantly . constantly
inched . decrease
incidence . extent
incidental . casual
incidentals . component
incidents . episode
incinerate . burn
incinerated . burn
incinerates . burn
incinerating . burn
incinerator . burner
incinerators . burner
incipience . alpha
incipiency . alpha
incipiencies . alpha
incipiently . basically
incision . mark
incisions . mark
incisiveness . burn
incisor . ivory
incisors . ivory
incitation . bang
incitations . bang
incite . encourage
incited . encourage
incitement . incentive
incitements . incentive
inciter . advocate
inciters . advocate
incites . encourage
inciting . encourage
inclemency . gravity
inclemencies . gravity
inclination . bias
inclinations . bias
incline . approach
inclined . willing
inclines . approach
inclining . approach
inclose . decrease
inclosed . decrease
incloses . decrease
inclosing . decrease
inclusions . formation
inclusiveness . dimension
incogitable . extraordinary
incognitos . alias
incombustible . concrete
incomer . alien
incomers . alien
incomes . cash
incomings . admission
incommensurateness . bias
incommode . trouble
incommoded . trouble
incommodes . trouble
incommoding . trouble
incommodiousness . difficulty
incomparability . contrast
incomparable . exceptional
incompatibility . conflict
incompatibilities . conflict
incompatible . inappropriate
incompatibly . individually
incompetency . failure
incompetencies . failure
incompetent . amateur
incompetents . fool
incompleteness . lack
incomplex . clean
incomprehension . darkness
inconceivable . extraordinary
inconclusive . incomplete
inconclusiveness . anxiety
inconformable . inappropriate
incongruity . difference
incongruities . difference
incongruous . bizarre
incongruously . individually
incongruousness . comparison
inconsequence . equity
inconsiderably . somewhat
inconsistency . difference
inconsistencies . difference
inconsistent . contrary
inconsonance . difference
inconsonant . incorrect
incontestably . apparently
incontinency . evil
incontinencies . evil
incontrovertibly . automatically
inconvenience . difficulty
inconvenienced . try
inconveniences . difficulty
inconveniencing . try
inconvenient . difficult
inconversant . blind
incorporates . blend
incorporating . blend
incorporation . fusion
incorporations . fusion
incorrectness . error
incorrigibility . bias
incorrupt . decent
incorruptibility . confidence
incorruptibilities . confidence
incrassation . concentration
incredibly . especially
incredulity . doubt
incremate . char
incremated . char
incremating . char
increment . addition
increments . addition
incriminate . attack
incriminated . attack
incriminates . attack
incrimination . beef
incross . combination
incrosses . combination
incrust . cover
incrustation . film
incrustations . film
incrusted . cover
incrusting . cover
incrusts . cover
incubate . breed
incubated . breed
incubates . breed
incubating . breed
incubation . arrangement
incubations . arrangement
incubi . devil
incubus . devil
incubuses . devil
inculcate . communicate
inculcated . communicate
inculcates . communicate
inculcating . communicate
inculcation . advertising
inculpate . charge
inculpated . charge
inculpates . charge
inculpating . charge
inculpation . criticism
incult . base
incumbency . administration
incumbencies . administration
incumbent . binding
incumbents . binding
incumbrance . charge
incumbrances . charge
incunabula . beginning
incunabulum . beginning
incur . acquire
incurable . impossible
incurred . acquire
incurring . acquire
incurs . acquire
incursion . attack
incursions . attack
incurvating . bow
incurvation . arc
incurvature . arc
incurve . bend
incurves . bend
indebt . force
indebtedness . debt
indebting . force
indebtment . damage
indecency . evil
indecencies . evil
indecision . uncertainty
indecisiveness . delay
indecorously . extremely
indecorum . slip
indefatigability . determination
indefatigably . carefully
indefectible . excellent
indefinite . undefined
indefinitely . forever
indefiniteness . uncertainty
indelicacy . slip
indelicacies . slip
indemnify . pay
indemnification . advantage
indemnifications . advantage
indemnified . pay
indemnifies . pay
indemnifying . pay
indemnity . compensation
indemnities . compensation
indent . cut
indentation . depression
indentations . depression
indenting . cut
indention . arrangement
indentions . arrangement
indents . cut
indenture . arrangement
indentured . bound
indentures . arrangement
indenturing . engage
independency . ability
independencies . ability
independents . independent
indescribable . sublime
indescribably . rarely
indestructible . durable
indeterminable . undefined
indeterminately . extremely
indeterminateness . doubt
indexes . indicator
indexing . indicator
indicant . indicator
indicants . indicator
indication . explanation
indications . explanation
indicatively . clearly
indices . indicator
indicia . indicator
indicias . indicator
indict . charge
indictable . illegal
indicted . charge
indicter . rat
indicters . rat
indicting . charge
indictment . bill
indictments . bill
indicts . charge
indifference . lack
indifferent . neutral
indigene . citizen
indigenes . citizen
indigents . dependent
indigestion . flu
indignant . mad
indignation . danger
indignity . abuse
indignities . abuse
indigo . navy
indirection . corruption
indirections . corruption
indiscipline . revolution
indiscreetness . error
indiscrete . perfect
indiscretion . error
indiscretions . error
indiscriminate . extensive
indispensability . essential
indispensabilities . essential
indispensable . basic
indispensably . absolutely
indispose . bug
indisposed . down
indisposing . bug
indisposition . disorder
indispositions . disorder
indisputable . absolute
indisputably . actually
indistinctness . darkness
indistinguishability . equality
indistinguishable . identical
indite . pen
indited . pen
indites . pen
inditing . pen
individualism . character
individualist . independent
individualistically . directly
individualists . independent
individuality . humor
individualities . humor
individualization . character
individualize . analyze
individualized . analyze
individualizes . analyze
individualizing . analyze
individuate . demonstrate
individuated . demonstrate
individuates . demonstrate
individuating . demonstrate
individuation . answer
indivisibility . agreement
indivisible . unified
indoctrinate . drill
indoctrinates . drill
indoctrinating . drill
indoctrination . instruction
indoctrinations . instruction
indomitability . animation
indomitableness . determination
indubitableness . confidence
induce . breed
inducement . attraction
inducements . attraction
induces . breed
inducing . breed
induct . draft
inducted . initiated
inducting . draft
induction . introduction
inductions . introduction
inducts . draft
indue . award
indued . award
indues . award
induing . award
indulge . satisfy
indulged . satisfy
indulgence . attention
indulgences . attention
indulges . satisfy
indulging . satisfy
indurate . cake
indurated . cake
indurates . cake
indurating . cake
industrialism . deal
industrialist . manager
industrialists . manager
industrialized . mechanical
industrious . productive
industriousness . activity
indwell . locate
indweller . citizen
indwelling . complete
indwells . locate
indwelt . locate
inearth . deposit
inearthed . deposit
inearthing . deposit
inearths . deposit
inebriated . loaded
ineffective . limited
ineffectually . partially
inefficient . weak
inelaborate . moderate
inelasticity . density
inelegance . slip
inelegances . slip
ineligibility . lack
ineligible . unavailable
ineluctably . automatically
ineludible . necessary
ineptness . failure
inequality . bias
inequalities . bias
inequity . wrong
inequities . wrong
inertness . leisure
inescapableness . chance
inescapably . automatically
inessential . chance
inevasible . certain
inevitability . essential
inevitabilities . essential
inevitable . necessary
inevitableness . assurance
inevitably . necessarily
inexactness . fault
inexcitability . assurance
inexorably . automatically
inexpensive . cheap
inexperienced . young
inexplainable . odd
inexplicable . odd
inexterminable . durable
infallibility . safety
infallibly . absolutely
infamy . evil
infamies . evil
infancy . beginning
infancies . beginning
infanthood . childhood
infants . child
infarct . closure
infarction . closure
infarctions . closure
infarcts . closure
infatuate . companion
infatuates . companion
infatuating . attractive
infatuation . desire
infatuations . desire
infeasible . impossible
infect . affect
infecting . affect
infectious . toxic
infective . toxic
infects . affect
infer . assume
inferable . acceptable
inference . assumption
inferences . assumption
inferior . secondary
inferiority . lack
inferiorities . lack
inferiors . secondary
infernal . lower
inferred . complete
inferring . assume
infers . assume
infest . crowd
infestation . infection
infestations . infection
infested . full
infesting . raid
infestive . dangerous
infests . raid
infighting . division
infiltrate . access
infiltrated . access
infiltrates . access
infiltrating . access
infiltration . attack
infiltrations . attack
infiltrator . spy
infiltrators . spy
infinite . absolute
infiniteness . extent
infinitesimal . little
infinitesimals . atom
infinity . extent
infinities . extent
infinitude . extent
infirm . ill
infirmary . hospital
infirmaries . hospital
infirmity . disease
infirmities . disease
infirmness . anxiety
infix . anchor
infixed . anchor
infixes . anchor
infixing . anchor
inflame . burn
inflamer . punk
inflamers . punk
inflames . burn
inflaming . burn
inflammation . infection
inflammations . infection
inflate . boost
inflated . extended
inflates . boost
inflating . boost
inflations . boom
inflatus . incentive
inflect . balance
inflected . balance
inflecting . balance
inflection . change
inflections . change
inflects . balance
inflexible . strict
inflict . exact
inflicted . exact
inflicting . exact
infliction . pain
inflictions . pain
inflicts . exact
inflow . arrival
inflows . arrival
influenced . changed
influencer . authority
influences . control
influencing . affect
influential . dominant
influenza . infection
influenzas . infection
influx . arrival
influxes . arrival
informality . efficiency
informalities . efficiency
informally . commonly
informant . rat
informative . informational
informer . finger
informing . advise
informs . advise
infos . advice
infra . again
infract . break
infracted . break
infracting . break
infraction . crime
infractions . crime
infracts . break
infrareds . coral
infrastructures . base
infrequent . odd
infrequently . occasionally
infrigidate . calm
infringe . break
infringed . break
infringement . invasion
infringements . invasion
infringes . break
infringing . break
infundibular . void
infuriate . anger
infuriates . anger
infuriating . anger
infuse . invest
infused . invest
infuses . invest
infusing . invest
infusion . mixture
infusions . mixture
ingather . gain
ingathered . gain
ingathering . intake
ingathers . gain
ingeminate . echo
ingeminated . echo
ingeminating . echo
ingemination . repeat
ingenious . creative
ingeniousness . creativity
ingenue . babe
ingenues . babe
ingenuity . ability
ingenuities . ability
ingenuously . fully
ingenuousness . error
ingest . drink
ingested . drink
ingesting . drink
ingestion . drink
ingests . drink
inglenook . den
ingoing . carrying
ingot . bar
ingots . bar
ingraft . insert
ingrafted . insert
ingrafting . insert
ingrafts . insert
ingrain . fix
ingrained . fixed
ingraining . fix
ingrains . fix
ingratiate . attract
ingratiated . attract
ingratiates . attract
ingratiating . serving
ingratiation . honey
ingredient . element
ingress . access
ingresses . access
ingroup . band
ingroups . band
ingurgitate . belt
ingurgitated . belt
ingurgitating . belt
inhabit . locate
inhabitance . ownership
inhabitancy . ownership
inhabitancies . ownership
inhabitant . citizen
inhabitants . citizen
inhabitation . ownership
inhabited . developed
inhabiter . citizen
inhabiting . locate
inhabits . locate
inhalant . gas
inhalants . gas
inhalation . consumption
inhalations . consumption
inhale . drag
inhaled . drag
inhales . drag
inhaling . drag
inharmony . argument
inharmoniousness . difference
inhere . be
inhered . be
inherent . constitutional
inherently . naturally
inheres . be
inhering . be
inherit . acquire
inheritable . genetic
inheritance . estate
inheritances . estate
inheriting . acquire
inheritor . replacement
inheritors . replacement
inherits . acquire
inhibit . arrest
inhibited . reserved
inhibiting . arrest
inhibition . bar
inhibitions . bar
inhibits . arrest
inhumanity . violence
inhumanities . violence
inhumation . funeral
inhume . deposit
inhumed . deposit
inhumes . deposit
inhuming . deposit
inimicable . adverse
inimical . adverse
inimicality . opposition
iniquity . crime
iniquities . crime
initialed . seal
initialing . scoring
initialled . seal
initialling . seal
initials . brand
initiate . begin
initiates . begin
initiating . begin
initiation . admission
initiations . admission
initiator . architect
initiators . architect
inject . add
injected . add
injecting . add
injections . dose
injects . add
injunction . ban
injunctions . ban
injure . break
injures . break
injuring . break
injurious . adverse
injustice . abuse
injustices . abuse
inking . seal
inklike . coal
inkling . impression
inklings . impression
inks . impression
inlay . trim
inlaid . trim
inlaying . trim
inlays . trim
inlaw . father
inlet . basin
inlets . basin
inletting . import
inned . break
innerspring . bed
innervate . drive
innervated . drive
innervates . drive
innervating . drive
innervation . awareness
innervations . awareness
innerve . drive
innerved . drive
innerves . drive
innerving . challenging
inning . round
innings . round
innkeeper . host
innkeepers . host
innocents . fool
innovate . admit
innovated . admit
innovates . admit
innovating . innovative
innovational . creative
innovations . addition
innovativeness . change
innovator . creator
innovators . creator
innoxious . frank
innoxiousness . lack
innuendo . aside
innuendoes . aside
innuendos . aside
innumerable . numerous
inobnoxious . frank
inoculate . protect
inoculated . protect
inoculates . protect
inoculating . protect
inoculation . injection
inoculations . injection
inoffensive . pleasant
inoffensiveness . lack
inoperable . impossible
inopportuneness . difficulty
inordinancy . depth
inordinately . ever
inputted . load
inputting . load
inquest . examination
inquests . examination
inquietude . activity
inquietudes . activity
inquire . examine
inquired . examine
inquirer . agent
inquirers . agent
inquires . examine
inquiring . interested
inquisite . consider
inquisition . inquiry
inquisitions . inquiry
inquisitive . analytical
inquisitiveness . concern
inquisitor . investigator
inquisitors . investigator
inroad . invasion
inroads . invasion
inrush . arrival
inrushes . arrival
insane . bizarre
insaner . bizarre
insanest . bizarre
insanitation . bug
inscience . darkness
inscribe . book
inscribed . book
inscribes . book
inscribing . book
inscription . signature
inscriptions . signature
inscrutability . problem
inscrutableness . problem
insect . bee
insects . bee
insecure . afraid
insecureness . anxiety
insecurity . uncertainty
insecurities . uncertainty
inseminate . seed
inseminated . seed
inseminates . seed
inseminating . seed
insemination . breeding
inseminations . breeding
insensibility . trance
insensibilities . trance
insensitiveness . torture
insensitivity . lack
insensitivities . lack
inseparability . integrity
inseparable . integral
inseparableness . fellowship
inseparably . accordingly
inserted . added
inserting . enter
insertion . injection
insertions . injection
inserts . enter
inset . import
insets . import
insetting . import
inseverable . integral
insiders . aid
insides . belly
insidious . dangerous
insidiously . personally
insidiousness . corruption
insighted . knowing
insightful . intelligent
insigne . symbol
insignia . symbol
insignias . symbol
insignificant . minimal
insignificantly . somewhat
insincere . false
insincerity . lies
insincerities . lies
insinuate . indicate
insinuated . indicate
insinuates . indicate
insinuation . suggestion
insinuations . suggestion
insipidity . routine
insipidities . routine
insipidness . routine
insist . demand
insisted . demand
insistence . emphasis
insistency . emphasis
insistencies . emphasis
insisting . demand
insists . demand
insociable . cold
insofar . as
insolence . abuse
insolents . tough
insolvency . bankruptcy
insolvencies . bankruptcy
insolvent . broke
insomnia . stress
insomnias . stress
insomnolence . stress
insouciance . lack
inspect . audit
inspected . approved
inspecting . audit
inspections . analysis
inspectors . controller
inspects . audit
inspirational . emotional
inspirations . incentive
inspire . affect
inspires . affect
inspiring . encouraging
inspirit . boost
inspirited . boost
inspiriting . boost
inspiritment . assistance
inspirits . boost
inspissate . add
inspissated . add
inspissating . add
inspissation . concentration
instability . anxiety
instabilities . anxiety
installations . fitting
installment . chapter
installments . chapter
installs . fix
instanced . detail
instancy . pressure
instancies . pressure
instancing . detail
instantaneous . rapid
instanter . directly
instants . burning
instauration . reconstruction
instigate . plot
instigated . plot
instigates . plot
instigating . plot
instigation . incentive
instigator . punk
instigators . punk
instill . insert
instillation . beverage
instilled . insert
instilling . insert
instills . insert
instinct . feeling
instinctive . natural
instinctively . naturally
instincts . feeling
instituted . create
instituting . create
institutionalization . arrangement
institutionalize . order
institutionalized . regulated
institutionalizes . order
institutionalizing . order
institutor . architect
institutors . architect
instruct . advise
instructed . advised
instructing . advise
instructive . helpful
instructors . coach
instructorship . captain
instructorships . captain
instructs . advise
instrumental . involved
instrumentalist . artist
instrumentalists . artist
instrumentality . agency
instrumentalities . agency
instrumentals . opera
instrumentation . instrument
instrumentations . instrument
instrumented . instrument
instrumenting . instrument
insubmission . revolution
insubordination . revolution
insubstantiality . disease
insuccess . blow
insufficience . absence
insufficient . incomplete
insufflate . drag
insufflated . drag
insufflating . drag
insufflation . animation
insular . isolated
insularity . bias
insulate . shield
insulated . shield
insulates . shield
insulating . shield
insulation . covering
insulations . covering
insult . abuse
insulted . hurt
insulting . offensive
insults . abuse
insupposable . extraordinary
insure . assure
insured . guaranteed
insures . assure
insurgence . revolution
insurgences . revolution
insurgency . revolution
insurgencies . revolution
insurgents . radical
insuring . assure
insurrect . strike
insurrection . revolution
insurrectionist . independent
insurrectionists . independent
insurrections . revolution
intact . perfect
intactness . aggregate
intagli . illustration
intaglio . illustration
intaglioed . burn
intaglioing . burn
intaglios . illustration
intakes . admission
intangible . abstract
intangibles . money
integers . figure
integrality . agreement
integrals . element
integrates . accommodate
integrating . accommodate
integrations . alliance
integrities . principle
integument . coat
integuments . coat
intellect . ability
intellection . belief
intellective . creative
intellects . ability
intellectualist . brain
intellectuality . ability
intellectualities . ability
intellectualize . reason
intellectualized . reason
intellectualizes . reason
intellectualizing . reason
intellectually . reasonably
intellectuals . academic
intelligencer . agent
intelligences . judgment
intelligently . reasonably
intelligentsia . academic
intelligibility . accuracy
intelligibilities . accuracy
intelligibly . commonly
intemperateness . attention
intend . aim
intendance . administration
intending . aim
intends . aim
intensate . boost
intensely . strongly
intenseness . anxiety
intenser . acute
intensest . acute
intensify . boost
intensification . boost
intensifications . boost
intensified . boost
intensifies . boost
intensifying . boost
intensities . anxiety
intensively . effectively
intentional . calculated
intentive . intelligent
intently . closely
intentness . activity
interacted . combine
interacting . combine
interacts . combine
interagent . broker
interallied . involved
interblend . associate
interblended . associate
interblending . associate
interblent . associate
interbred . different
interbreed . associate
interbreeds . associate
intercalate . enter
intercalated . enter
intercalates . enter
intercalating . enter
intercede . advocate
interceded . advocate
intercedes . advocate
interceding . advocate
intercept . arrest
intercepted . arrest
intercepting . arrest
intercepts . arrest
intercession . appeal
intercessions . appeal
intercessor . judge
intercessors . judge
interchange . junction
interchangeability . agreement
interchangeable . compatible
interchangeableness . agreement
interchanged . junction
interchanges . junction
interchanging . junction
intercommunication . advice
intercommunications . advice
interconnect . affect
interconnected . associated
interconnectedness . association
interconnection . alliance
interconnections . alliance
interconnects . affect
intercontinental . foreign
interconvertible . compatible
intercourse . relations
intercross . cross
intercrossed . cross
intercrossing . cross
interdenominational . different
interdepend . affect
interdependence . alliance
interdependency . assurance
interdependencies . assurance
interdependent . collective
interdict . ban
interdicted . ban
interdicting . ban
interdiction . ban
interdictions . ban
interdicts . ban
interdigitate . engage
interdigitated . engage
interdigitating . engage
interestedness . attention
interestingness . concern
interfaced . accommodate
interfacing . accommodate
interfere . prevent
interfered . prevent
interference . conflict
interferences . conflict
interferer . criminal
interferers . criminal
interferes . prevent
interfold . construct
interfuse . associate
interfused . involved
interfusing . associate
interims . acting
interiors . belly
interjaculate . add
interjaculating . add
interject . add
interjected . add
interjecting . add
interjection . er
interjections . er
interjects . add
interlace . alternate
interlaced . alternate
interlaces . alternate
interlacing . alternate
interlard . carry
interlarded . carry
interlarding . carry
interlards . carry
interline . cover
interlineate . highlight
interlineated . highlight
interlineating . highlight
interlined . cover
interlines . cover
interlining . cover
interlink . construct
interlinking . construct
interlinks . construct
interlock . engage
interlocked . engage
interlocking . engage
interlocks . engage
interlocution . argument
interlocutor . speaker
interlocutors . speaker
interlope . advance
interloped . advance
interloper . alien
interlopers . alien
interlopes . advance
interloping . advance
interlude . delay
interludes . delay
intermeddle . prevent
intermeddled . prevent
intermeddler . alien
intermediacy . heart
intermediary . broker
intermediaries . broker
intermediated . advocate
intermediates . broker
intermediating . advocate
intermediator . attorney
intermedium . broker
interment . funeral
interments . funeral
intermesh . join
intermeshed . join
intermeshes . join
intermeshing . join
interminable . continuous
interminate . constant
intermingle . associate
intermingled . associate
intermingles . associate
intermingling . associate
intermission . interval
intermissions . interval
intermit . prevent
intermits . prevent
intermitted . delayed
intermittence . frequency
intermittent . periodic
intermittently . occasionally
intermitting . prevent
intermix . associate
intermixed . associate
intermixes . associate
intermixing . associate
intermixture . balance
intermixtures . balance
intermutual . collective
intern . doctor
internalize . incorporate
internalized . incorporate
internalizing . incorporate
internals . belly
internecion . murder
interned . commit
internee . con
internees . con
interning . commit
internment . custody
internments . custody
interns . doctor
internuncio . agent
internuncios . agent
interpenetration . concentration
interpersonal . social
interplay . exchange
interplaying . combine
interplays . exchange
interplait . lace
interpolate . admit
interpolated . admit
interpolates . admit
interpolating . admit
interpolation . addition
interpolations . addition
interpose . insert
interposed . insert
interposes . insert
interposing . insert
interposition . conflict
interpositions . conflict
interpret . describe
interpretations . analysis
interpreted . explained
interpreter . artist
interpreters . artist
interpreting . describe
interpretive . analytical
interprets . describe
interreact . combine
interred . plant
interregna . interim
interregnum . interim
interregnums . interim
interrelate . affect
interrelated . associated
interrelates . affect
interrelating . integral
interrelation . communication
interrelations . communication
interrelationship . correlation
interrelationships . correlation
interring . plant
interrogate . examine
interrogated . examine
interrogates . examine
interrogating . examine
interrogation . examination
interrogations . examination
interrogator . investigator
interrogatory . analysis
interrogatories . analysis
interrogators . investigator
interrupt . break
interrupted . broken
interrupter . criminal
interrupters . criminal
interrupting . break
interruption . delay
interruptions . delay
interrupts . break
inters . plant
intersect . cross
intersected . cross
intersecting . cross
intersection . crossing
intersections . crossing
intersects . cross
intersexual . bi
intersow . pepper
intersperse . pepper
interspersed . pepper
intersperses . pepper
interspersing . pepper
intersprinkle . pepper
intersprinkled . pepper
intersprinkling . pepper
interstate . civil
interstice . gap
interstices . gap
intertangle . burden
intertangled . burden
intertangles . burden
intertangling . burden
intertwine . mesh
intervaled . assign
intervaling . assign
intervals . spell
intervene . involve
intervened . involve
intervenes . involve
intervening . intermediate
interviewed . consult
interviewee . respondent
interviewees . respondent
interviewer . reporter
interviewers . reporter
interviewing . account
interweave . blend
interwoven . mixed
intimacy . confidence
intimacies . confidence
intimate . confidential
intimated . air
intimately . personally
intimates . confidential
intimating . air
intimation . announcement
intimations . announcement
intimidate . alarm
intimidates . alarm
intimidating . aggressive
intimidatory . dangerous
intolerable . extreme
intonate . announce
intonated . lyric
intonates . announce
intonating . announce
intonation . emphasis
intonations . emphasis
intone . sing
intoned . sing
intoner . artist
intoners . artist
intones . sing
intoning . sing
intorsion . bias
intoxicant . drink
intoxicants . drink
intoxicate . burn
intoxicated . blind
intoxicates . burn
intoxicating . exciting
intra . eventually
intractability . call
intractableness . call
intramural . central
intrapersonal . internal
intrench . exceed
intrenched . exceed
intrenches . exceed
intrenching . exceed
intrepidity . determination
intricacy . complexity
intricacies . complexity
intricate . complex
intricateness . chaos
intrigue . fraud
intrigued . interested
intriguer . spy
intriguers . spy
intrigues . fraud
intriguing . curious
intrinsic . underlying
intrinsicality . belly
introducer . administrator
introducers . administrator
introduces . announce
introductions . addition
introgression . access
intromission . acceptance
intromit . accept
intromits . accept
intromitted . accept
intromitting . accept
intros . addition
introspection . reflection
introspections . reflection
introversion . reflection
introversions . reflection
introverted . collected
introverting . alter
intrude . introduce
intruded . introduce
intruder . criminal
intruders . criminal
intrudes . introduce
intruding . introduce
intrusion . intervention
intrusions . intervention
intrusiveness . assurance
intrust . charge
intrusted . advanced
intrusting . distribution
intrusts . charge
intuit . appreciate
intuited . appreciate
intuiting . appreciate
intuition . feeling
intuitional . natural
intuitions . feeling
intuitive . emotional
intuitively . naturally
intuits . appreciate
intumescence . bunch
inumbrate . shield
inundate . flood
inundated . flood
inundates . flood
inundating . flood
inundation . flood
inundations . flood
inurbane . ugly
inure . season
inured . season
inures . season
inuring . season
inurn . plant
inurned . plant
inurning . funeral
inurnment . funeral
inurns . plant
inutility . failure
inutilities . failure
invade . raid
invaded . raid
invader . alien
invaders . alien
invades . raid
invading . raid
invalidate . cancel
invalidated . cancel
invalidates . cancel
invalidating . cancel
invalidation . cancellation
invalidations . cancellation
invalided . restricted
invalidity . gap
invalidities . gap
invalids . false
invaluable . helpful
invariability . routine
invariable . constant
invariably . always
invariant . constant
invasions . assault
invective . blame
invectives . blame
inveigh . blast
inveighed . blast
inveighing . blast
inveighs . blast
inveigle . butter
inveigled . butter
inveigles . butter
inveigling . drawing
